Thought of you as everything I’ve had but couldn’t keep I’ve had but couldn’t keep Thank you. Thank you very much! Thank you. Thanks. I appreciate that. Thank you so much. Take a seat. Take a seat. Thanks so much. Wow. What a nice welcome. Wow, wow, wow. Very excit… By the way, this guy’s with me. He’s, uh… he’s authorized. He’s not, like, a very audacious bootlegger who really doesn’t give a fuck. “You said no phones, but what about full-on cameras?” Uh… Yeah, we’re filming these shows, so, you know, you might be in the show, uh, when it’s on, whatever I put it on. You’ll be like, “Oh, shit. I was there!” But we’re filming a few shows, so if you’re, like, the shitty crowd, we won’t use any of the footage. Um… I’m psyched to be here. I-I’ve been on the road for a while. Um, I just got back to New York, uh, my home, uh, a few days ago, and, uh, yeah. I, uh… I was walking around the other day, and this guy, uh, came up to me on the street, and he was like, uh, “Hey, man. Love the Netflix show!” And I was like, “Oh, thanks so much.” He was like, “Yeah, yeah, I really liked the episode you did on Supreme!” I was like, “What? I didn’t do no episode on Supreme.” And then I quickly realized he’s talking about Hasan Minhaj. Patriot Act. Different show. Different guy. And he felt horrible, right? He immediately realized his mistake, and he was trying to buy it back. He was like, “Oh, no, no, Aziz, right?” I was like, “Yeah, yeah. That’s me.” “Master of None!” “Yeah, yeah. That’s me.” “Parks and Rec.” “Yeah, yeah. That’s me.” “Treat yo’ self.” “Yeah, yeah. That’s me.” “And, uh, you had that whole thing last year, sexual misconduct?” “No, no, no, no, no! That was Hasan.” You know, I… I haven’t said much about that whole thing, um, but I’ve talked about it on this tour, ’cause you’re here, and it means a lot to me. And I’m sure some of you are curious how I feel about that whole situation. And, uh, it’s a tricky thing for me to answer, ’cause I’ve felt so many things in the last year, so… There’s times I felt scared. There’s times I felt humiliated. There’s times I felt embarrassed. And ultimately, I just felt terrible that this person felt this way. And after a year or so, I just hope it was a step forward. It moved things forward for me and made me think about a lot. I hope I’ve become a better person. And I always think about a conversation I had with one of my friends where he was like, “You know what, man? That whole thing made me think about every date I’ve ever been on.” And I thought, “Wow. Well, that’s pretty incredible. It’s made not just me, but other people be more thoughtful, and that’s a good thing.” And that’s how I feel about it. And I know… this isn’t the most hilarious way to begin a comedy show. But it’s important to me that you know how I feel about that whole thing before we share this night together.', "Well, that was pretty intense. What else shall we talk about? America? Everyone’s very worried right now. A lot of people are bummed. People are like, “Oh, my God. Shit has hit the fan.” I’m not worried, though. You know why? ‘Cause… this is America, okay? Shit didn’t hit the fan, shit’s always been on the fan, okay? There’s never been a clean fan out there. There’s always been shit up there. Every generation of Americans has had their shit. And they’ve persevered, and we will as well, okay? And some of those generations have had even crazier shit than we do, right? Things like the Depression, Vietnam, the draft… Could you imagine if we had a draft? With today’s people? “Uh, I can’t go to war. I just started this company. We make eco-friendly shoes out of cashews. They’re called “Cashoes”. Just a few generations before, they’d give that guy a rifle, they’re like, “Go shoot some Asian people!” Now he’s at work like, “Uh, it’s not pronounced ‘pho’, Valerie, it’s ‘faa.'” His grandfather…", 'But I promise you, we’re gonna be okay, ’cause despite how it may seem, we still have a capacity for listening, for understanding. I’ll give you an example, okay? There was a story I read. This girl goes to her high school prom. White girl. She wears an Asian garment. And there’s an Asian kid at the school and he’s offended. He actually did something really cool. He actually went up to her and they had a conversation. He explained his concerns about cultural appropriation. She assured him she was coming from a place of respect and admiration. And they both learned about each other’s perspectives. And it was a really… Just kidding. None of that shit happened. Oh! Why would that happen? No, he just Tweeted out her pictures and wrote, “My culture’s not your goddamn prom dress!” And this became global news! And there was articles, and comments, and tweets. And I read all of ’em. And my favorite thing is you go on these threads, and you’d see people arguing, trying to, like, out-woke each other. You know what I mean? Like, one person’d be like, “Oh, I can’t believe she’d just steal from Chinese culture like that.” Another guy’d be like, “Actually, the Chinese stole that from Malaysia.” And I was like, “Oh, shit! You just got out-woked! You thought your eyes were open. This other dude doesn’t even have a forehead. His eyeball just keeps going… just so he can see all the injustice.” Man, look, man. I saw the pictures. It didn’t seem like this person’s heart was in the wrong place. It’s not like she tweeted, “Hey, everybody, check out my ching-chong, bing-bong dress!” Well, that would be bad. Do I not have all the facts? Did she step out of the limo like… “Konichiwa, bitches! Where’s the prom?” All right, that’s problematic. Nowadays, man, sometimes even when the stuff is racist, I’m like, “Can we just talk about something else? I don’t think we’re gonna fix it at this brunch. I don’t think this is the crew that’s gonna crack the case.” Say what you will about racist people, but they’re usually very brief. Newly woke white people are exhausting! “Uh, what’s the statistic? Where’d you read the article?” Chin, chin, chin, chin, cha. “Aziz, have you seen this episode of The Simpsons? There’s an Indian character and dabu do dabee dabade dabado.” ♪ Think piece, stink piece I just read a think piece ♪n♪ Now I’m gonna say what I read to you ♪n♪ Here are the bullet points For this issue ♪n♪ Badoo-badoo, badoo-badoo badoo-badoo, ba-doo-doo ♪ Oh, can you just call me Apu and leave me alone? Yeah! I’m aware. I’m aware, Candice. I saw it 30 years ago. It’s a white guy doing an Indian voice. I appreciate the support, but things don’t just become racist when white people figure it out. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t like those Simpsons people either. They’re running around, “Why did no one say anything 30 years ago? We’re winning awards and stuff, no one said anything.” ‘Cause Indian people could only say something, like, four years ago, okay? We’ve had a slow rise in the culture. You know who the first Indian person I saw on MTV was? Me! It’s taken a minute. All right, truth be told, it was that bass player in No Doubt, but, you know… He was in the background playing bass! He didn’t have a platform to speak on these things! Plus, we all know the dynamic in that band. “Uh, Gwen, there’s a couple of issues in the Indian-American community and…” ♪ Don’t speak! ♪ “Okay, shit, I’m sorry.” Interesting times for, uh, white people. Uh… I’ve been observing you. I see what’s going on. You’re trying really hard to be nice to minorities… in a way I’ve never seen before. Putting in the time, putting in the effort. Getting out there. Watching Crazy Rich Asians. White people went in droves. Very cool. Any white people here see Crazy Rich Asians? Raise your hands, everybody. Yeah? Yeah. You, man, in the front. You saw it? Yeah? It had, like, a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. You think it was that good, 97%? Eh, maybe a little less? What… what number would you give it? Eighty-five. Eighty-five? Wow! Twelve percent less. Anything in particular you didn’t like that made you dock it 12 points, man? Are you nervous right now? I’m just messing with you. It doesn’t matter what you think about the movie. It’s just fun to make white people feel bad. And… This is so adorable. Look how far we’ve come… …in just two generations, right? Like, your grandma doesn’t even call that movie “Crazy Rich Asians.” She calls it “that movie that has too many Orientals.” And now you’re sitting here like, “Uh, 85? Shit. I take it back, 97. What do I need to say to not get in trouble? Uh…” It’s coming from a good place, but some people are acting weird, man. I asked this one lady, I was like, “You see Crazy Rich Asians?” She was like, “Yeah!” I was like, “You like it?” She was like, “Uh, I actually didn’t see it, I’m sorry!” I’m like… “What are you lying for?! What did you think, I was gonna give you some cookies?” My favorite thing, though, one time I asked someone, I was like, uh, “You like Crazy Rich Asians?” They’re like, “You know what, Aziz? I’m gonna be honest with you. The first time I saw it, I didn’t really enjoy it. But then I watched it again with one of my Asian friends, and I saw how much it meant to her to see herself represented on the screen, and that made me really like the film.” And I said, “Oh, um, that doesn’t mean you like the movie, that’s just a weird, condescending, shitty thing to say.” Could you imagine if I watched Paul Blart: Mall Cop… …and I was like, “I didn’t really like it, but then I watched it again with one of my chubby white friends… Really changed my perspective.” Oh. But, look, I’ll give credit where credit’s due. I’ve been around 36 years. I’ve never seen white people trying this hard be nice to minorities. I know there’s some people that are not trying at all, and some people going a bit aggressively the other direction… But overall, I’d say this edition of white people is trying the hardest. And I think it’s cool, and I appreciate it. But… sometimes I’m a little suspicious. Uh, minorities, you know what I’m talking about? Doesn’t it seem a little weird sometimes? Doesn’t it seem a little strange? Almost like some people are playing a game where they’re, like, tallying up points for doing nice stuff. Like, is there some sort of secret, progressive Candy Crush we don’t know about? Like, don’t you imagine some white people getting together in secret, like, “All right, let’s tally up our scores. What did everyone do for equality today?” Let’s hear it. Brian, tell us about your day.” “Well, I told one of my African-American friends I thought Black Panther should have won Best Picture. Then I tweeted out some support for this new documentary by a lesbian filmmaker. Then I Instagrammed a little love for Colin Kaepernick. Then I crossed the street when I saw a black guy. Shit! I need more points. I need more points. What can I do? Wrote a lengthy Instagram post calling myself out for white privilege based on something I did in 2015.” Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding! “Tell him what he’s won, guys!” “Oh, Brian’s won a bunch of Instagram likes from other white people playing the same game!” And look, I know there’s some people sitting here like, “Come on, Aziz. What the hell? I’m white. I don’t do this shit, okay? I’m here, watching you, supporting minorities in the arts!”', "It’s a weird time to be working on jokes. Gotta be very careful about what you say, right? I’ve seen people in regular jobs getting in trouble these days, you know? I recently saw some people got in trouble for, uh, saying the word “niggardly.” Which, take it easy, has nothing to do with race. It just means cheap or stingy. You can look up the etymology, it’s a completely innocent word. And people are getting in trouble for it. Which is crazy. But… it seems like they could’ve just said cheap or stingy, right? I don’t know why they had to walk the plank on this one. “Mmm… I know what it sounds like. But I want to use my big word! What do you mean you’re getting a regular ticket? Let’s get a Fast Pass. Quit being so niggardly!” One of the guys that got in trouble, he’s a senator from Ohio, right? His name’s Sherrod Brown. They had a meeting about military spending. And he goes to the legislators, “You all, when it comes to spending on the weapons and the wars, you all want to spend very lavishly, but when the veterans come home, you start acting very niggardly.” They’re like, “Uh, what’d you say?” “I said, ‘You just start acting very niggardly.'” “Uh, just the last word again, Sherrod?” “I said, ‘Niggardly.'” “Get him out of here!” And he got in all this trouble. And then, they looked it up in the dictionary, and he was fine. But when I first read the article, I was really confused, ’cause I read his name as Sherrod Brown, and I was like, “Uh, seems like Sherrod Brown should be okay here, right? Am I missing something here, Sherrod Brown? Do I not have all the facts? Uh… Oh, he’s a white guy? Get him out of here!”", 'No. It’s a completely innocent word. Nothing wrong with it. So, you know, white dude in the front, if you want to put it in rotation every now and then, go for it. Nothing wrong with it. I just explained to you, there’s nothing wrong with the word, right? Right? You got it. So, why don’t you just yell it into the microphone right now? Okay, here we go, let’s do it. Here we go. Let’s go. Here we go. Let’s go, let’s go. Here we go. He was about to do it! Can you believe it, guys? Come on, sir! That’s not cool. That was a test and you failed! You can’t just throw it around willy-nilly. Maybe if it comes up in your life organically, then you can consider throwing it in. I don’t know what the scenario is, maybe, uh… Maybe go out to dinner with your African-American boss, right? And… he grabs the bill, and then you look at the tip. You’re like, “Mm, I don’t know, sir, seems a bit niggardly.” Like, that… seems okay. Gotta be careful about what you say. And about what you said, right? ‘Cause they’ll dig up the old tweets. They’ll find the old clips. You know what’s strange about that whole thing, though? Is like… you ever just watch very popular mainstream stuff from not that long ago? Uh, there’s stuff in there, guys! I was watching The Hangover the other day. This is one of the biggest movies ever, right? It’s not that old. There’s a scene in that movie where Bradley Cooper goes, “Paging Dr. Faggot!” That’s in the movie! Did you guys write a letter? I didn’t write a letter. Not only is it in the movie, it’s in the trailer for the movie! You know why it was in the trailer? ‘Cause they did test readings, and whenever Bradley Cooper went, “Paging Dr. Faggot,” everyone went, “Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! This movie rules! I love that word!” You can watch stuff that’s not that old with 2019 eyes and things can seem weird now. Like… like, I was watching a… a rerun of The Office. What’s the biggest story? “Jim and Pam. Oh, I hope they get together!” You watch it now, though, it’s like, “Mmh, I don’t know. This lady’s engaged. He’s been hitting on her for, like, four seasons. I don’t know if this is cool in the workplace. If they rebooted The Office now, it’d end with Pam winning a landmark sexual harassment case. And then, in the series finale, you’d find out that’s what the documentary was, they were just gathering evidence against Jim! I was even watching my own show. I was watching a Parks and Rec rerun. I love Parks, love my Parks family. But I was watching some season’s rerun, and I was like, “Eee, I don’t know. Like, we had a whole scene in the show where my character Tom gets a gift for Rashida Jones’s character. Right? I get her a teddy bear. But the teddy bear has a nanny cam in it. Nuh… I feel like if I got script today, I’d be like, “Mmh, yeah, I’m not doing this one, guys. Pretty sure Tom would go to jail for that.” But back then, I was like, “Oh, I get it. Now I can see inside her house. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.” But that’s very interesting. What does that mean? Does that mean me and the people that made Parks are bad people? No. It was a different cultural context. You can’t judge everything by 2019 standards. Sure, some things, of course, but not everything. Yeah? I guess what I’m saying is, “Look, we’re all shitty people, okay? And we have our blind spots. And we become aware, and we slowly get better. We’re all on a journey. And if you’re sitting there, like, “I’m not shitty. I’m aware of all the marginalized groups.” You’re extra shitty, okay? ‘Cause you’re arrogant. Have some humility. Don’t you realize in 50 years we’re all gonna look back and feel like complete assholes? Like, isn’t that the dream, in a way? That 50 years from now, we look back, we can’t even justify ourselves to our grandkids. We’re just sitting there like, “Uh, yeah. I don’t know what the fuck was going on. Um… There was just homeless people everywhere and no-one gave a shit. Uh… You’d just kind of avoid eye contact, walk around ’em, hope it wasn’t one of the ones that’d chase you down. Every now and then they’d have cups out and you’d open up your wallet and be like, “Uh, sorry, all I got’s twenties.” And then you’d hop on one of those weird scooters and get the fuck out of there! It was a weird time, 2019. We put every single black guy in jail. Every single black guy was in jail, except for, like, Drake, LeVar Burton, and that little kid from Stranger Things. Besides them, we put every single black guy in jail for, like, a little bit of weed. And then we made weed legal and we just left ’em in there. I don’t know, it seems like we could have made a couple of calls. Cultural context, right, could change everything. Look at all this R. Kelly stuff. All this information was out there in the past, right? There was the Aaliyah thing, there were the tapes, and everyone just kind of looked the other way, right? But now, the culture has reached a breaking point. Now that there’s a bingeable six hour documentary, the culture’s like, “Hey, it’s one thing for all this information to be out there in a 20-page long read, but now that it’s been packaged in an entertaining fashion, no more!” I watched it. Intense. Just out of curiosity, you guys, clap if you’re done with R. Kelly. Clap if you’re done with R. Kelly. Yeah. Wow. A lot of people. Yeah. I mean, it was a very compelling piece. A lot of people putting out statements and stuff now. People that used to work with him. People like Lady Gaga, Chance the Rapper. You know who I haven’t seen a statement from? This guy right here. Nothing from you, sir! – Sir, what’s your name up here? – Dan. – Dan, what’s your last name? – Greenblatt. Dan Greenblatt. I’ve seen nothing from Dan Greenblatt. But why would I, Dan? There’s no documentation of your R. Kelly patronage, right? You’re very lucky in that regard. Wouldn’t that be embarrassing? What if you were watching that documentary, right, and they’re like, “Oh, and then the tape comes out” At this point, you’ve got to know something’s not right. But people didn’t care. Here’s footage of Dan Greenblatt just one week after the tape was released. ♪ It’s a remix to ignition I got them fresh out of the kitchen ♪ ♪ I got the rollin’… ♪ Here’s footage of Dan just two weeks later, driving to work. ♪ I’m sippin’ on Coke and rum ♪ ♪ I’m like, “So, what? I’m drunk” It’s the rar, rar, rar, rar” ♪ You’re lucky they don’t have that footage, Dan. You know you got down to those tunes. Wouldn’t that be so awful?  +..0What if they had footage of you from, like, 18 years ago? Maybe, uh, you know, talking about going to an R. Kelly concert. Talking about how you had a great time and how it was so silly. Wouldn’t that be awful? You know who they do have footage of like that? Me! Yeah, it’s the end of my first stand-up special. I put it out myself. I had this whole bit at the end of my first stand-up special. I’m like, “I went to an R. Kelly concert. It was crazy!” I don’t do that shit now, but it’s still out there. And I’m watching this documentary, I’m terrified! I’m like, “Man, they’d better not pull up them clips! I’ve had a tricky year as it is.” ‘Cause… I listened to it the other day, guys, and the bit has not aged well. Like, all the wording I used is the worst possible wording. And I’m imagining Wendy Williams or whoever going to one of these clubs where I’m on stage like, “You know, guys, my favorite musician I’ve ever met is R. Kelly!” “His favorite musician he’s ever met… is R. Kelly. And it doesn’t end there. Let’s look at a clip from Aziz’s second stand-up special, which came out just two years later.” “You know, guys, in my last special, I talked about R. Kelly. And I figured I don’t need to do that this time, but here’s the problem, R. Kelly keeps doing amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things! Amazing things!” You know what’s weird is I was watching that special, and there was a lot of jokes on there I’d forgotten. It was, like, ten years old, you know? There was bits, I was like, “Ooh, I don’t know if I’d say that today.” I felt bad. Then I was like, “Eh, that’s fine.” That’s the way it’s supposed to be, right? If you’re the same person you were ten years ago, you’re shitty! Like, you’re supposed to change. But there was jokes on there, like, I wouldn’t do that now, you know? Like, I had this old bit where I used to talk about my little cousin Harris, and, uh… Yeah, yeah, thank you, whatever. And, uh… I-I had this joke in there where I would talk about how he watched weird TV shows and how he’s a little chubby. I had one bit where I was like, “Know what? There’s not a lot of chubby Indian kids! It’s kind of a rarity. It’s kind of like seeing a shooting star, only it’s fat, brown, and on the ground.” It’s fine, whatever, but I feel like if I had thought of that joke today, I’d be like, “Uh, probably no reason to fat shame my little cousin on a global scale. Maybe I’ll tuck that one aside.” But back then, I was 25. I was like, “I’ve got to fill this hour, I don’t give a shit!” I just threw little Harris under the bus. Well, he is a little chubby, so, technically, I squeezed him in, right? He’s fine. He got internships and stuff ’cause of that bit. Yeah! People were like, “What? You’re that Harris?” And he’s not chubby no more. He’s like super buff. He goes to gym all the time. Probably ’cause he was scarred for life. “I’m not a shooting star! I’m not a shooting star!” I watched that, uh… I watched that Michael Jackson documentary. Ooh, I don’t know if you had a chance to see this one, but let’s just say hypothetically you did and you’re equally as convinced as you are about R. Kelly. Clap if you’re done with Michael Jackson. Clap if you’re done. What happened to all them R. Kelly claps? That was way less people. You guys are all collectively like, “Uh, I don’t know what to tell you, Aziz. The music’s way better. Sorry, I… I’ll take the hit on Kells, but Michael is a bridge I’m not willing to cross. I got a wedding next month, let’s be serious!” Dan, nothing from you? Dan’s like, “I heard it’s, like, two kids. I don’t give a shit. Sorry, Aziz, I’m going home, I’m listening to “Thriller,” I’m watching The Cosby Show and going to bed. Deal with it!” All right. But, Dan. Okay. Let’s say… let’s say another doc comes out. Now it’s worse. Now they’re saying it’s, like, a thousand kids. Now are you done with Michael Jackson? Yeah. See? Dan is a man of principle, okay? He was like, “Two kids are one thing, but I got to draw the line somewhere, and Dan’s gonna draw the line at a thousand kids!” Isn’t it weird we’re just watching this stuff as entertainment? Right? Isn’t that kind of strange? Your friends were like, “Oh, man. Have you seen that show where those two guys graphically describe being molested for four hours?” “No.” “You gotta watch it!” I don’t know what went down, but I will say that it did seem like something weird was happening and that Michael was kind of a sick guy. And I wish the people around him had done more to get him help. You know? Like… like, he would bring these kids on tour and stuff. I’ve been on tour. I know what it’s like. There are plenty of other people around. I got a tour manager, I got opening comedians, I got the venue staff. I feel like if I showed up on a Friday and I was like, “Hey, guys. This is Justin. He’s gonna be with me all week.” “Um… Aziz, Justin’s six.” “But he’s my friend.” “Um… Maybe you need some friends your own age.” “Uh, but I didn’t have a childhood. I’m Peter Pan.” “No, you might be a pedophile. Come on Justin. Let’s get you to your parents. Have a talk with your mom about her priorities.” Stand up for a second. I don’t know this kid. You could have played Justin. This is my friend Justin. He’s gonna be with me all week. Why the fuck are you sitting in the front row of this show? What was that, dad and two sons? Well, uh… you know… If that ends up in a special, mom is not gonna be pleased. “Way to go, Dad!” What is your name? I’m Tyler. – Tyler. And the other kid’s name? – I’m Dylan. Dylan. Tyler and Dylan. Okay. How old are you, Tyler? – Ten. – Ten? Oh, shit! Perfectly cast! Jesus. What’s your name, Dad? – Uh, Ben. – Ben, okay. You made an awkward decision bringing these kids. You know, the other thing that’s tricky about the Michael thing is I don’t know what to think ’cause I have the internet, and the internet can confirm anything you want to believe, right? You know, I can go on there, I can type “Michael Jackson guilty.” And I’ll be like, “What? Michael is a monster. I can’t believe he’d do that.” But then, I can go on there, I can go on YouTube and type “Michael Jackson innocent,” and be like, “What? Those kids set him up!” I don’t know what to believe, ’cause a YouTube video can convince you of anything! I watched a YouTube video once, I was like, “Whoa, am I in the Illuminati? Like… This is some compelling evidence they’ve put together.” I watched this video, it’s like, “Aziz Ansari: illuminati. Look at his name. How does he spell it? Two As. What do As have on the top of them? Triangles. Two triangles. What else does he have in his name? Two Is. A-Z-I-Z, A-N-S-A-R-I. Two Is, two triangles. What does he have in his head? Two eyes. Aziz Ansari: illuminati.” If Michael did do this stuff, it’s created, you know, a weird cultural conundrum for us. You know. ‘Cause, you know, music’s very visceral. It becomes a part of your life. You know, my first memory of music itself, is when I was probably not that much younger than Tyler. And I remember… …listening to a Michael Jackson cassette, to Thriller. That was my first memory of music ever. What’s your first memory of music ever, Tyler? Like, the first song you remember putting on and listening to, you remember? – Probably “Thriller”, actually. – Probably “Thriller”? Which song? – What do you mean? – Which song from Thriller? Oh, “Thriller”, the song “Thriller”? Oh, okay. But how do you erase that stuff from your life, Tyler? It becomes a part of you, right? You know what I always thought would be the craziest conundrum? What if in 1999, Osama bin Laden put out… an incredible jazz album? And people are like, “This is seminal work. This is Miles Coltrane bin Laden,” right? Then that day, you’re watching the news, and the anchor’s on there like, “Uh, it appears the perpetrator of the attacks was… jazz legend, Osama bin Laden? The saxophone player? Are we sure it’s the same guy? Oh, my God, we’re in complete shock here in the studio. Uh, right now we have the representative from his record label on the phone, this is Darren from Bop Boppity Bop Bop Records. Darren, what do you think about all this?” “I’m in… I’m in complete shock. I-I can’t believe it. I was with him a couple of weeks ago, he couldn’t have been a nicer guy.” “Really? A nice guy?” “Well, I mean, you know, he helped me move into my apartment. Uh… Used to always pick me up at the airport. Uh… Shit. I should probably tell the FBI about that. Uh… But I really can’t believe it.” “And what about the music, Darren?” “Well, you know, we just… recorded this Christmas album with Michael Bublé, and, uh… I got to be honest, it’s sick. But… we’re probably gonna have to shelve it.” “Probably will have to shelve it. I think this might be a question on a lot of jazz lovers’ minds today: Are we still going to be able to enjoy this music? Uh, let’s see what the viewers think. Let’s go to the phones. We have a gentleman calling from Brooklyn, New York. This is Dan Greenblatt. Dan, what do you think?” “Meh, it’s not like it was a thousand buildings.” Um… Oh. I don’t know what’s gonna happen to Michael, but… I think R. Kelly’s in a little bit of a pickle. Uh… it seems like he’s getting charged. All of the companies have abandoned him. RCA, Sony, all these places. You know, nowadays, you know, you have a big corporation, even one employee does something, the whole company’s under fire, right? You know, we saw this with this whole Pizza Hut thing, right? Guy orders a pepperoni pizza. He gets the pizza, the pepperonis are arranged to look like a swastika. But now some people online are saying it doesn’t look like a swastika. They’re saying it looks like a regular pizza. So the internet is split. I saw it. It kinda looked like a regular pizza to me. I don’t know. What do you guys think? Clap if you think it was a swastika. Clap if you think it looks like a swastika. Okay. A couple in the back. Now clap if you think it just looks like a regular pizza. Yeah. So, you, sir, right here… You… you think it looks like a regular pizza? Yeah? And what, you think this guy’s just lying to get attention or something like that? Yeah? And do you remember where you saw it? ‘Cause, uh, it was in New York Times and Washington Post, but Washington Post supposedly accidentally posted a digitally-altered photo. Do you remember where you saw it?n– Washington Post.n– You saw in Washington Post? Okay. Well, you know what’s interesting is, um… I just made all that up. None of that happened. I’m not trying to embarrass you, dude, but you and everyone that clapped earlier, you’re the fucking problem, okay? What are you doing? This is where we’re at now? You think your opinion’s so valuable you need to chime in on shit that doesn’t even exist? I mean, I do this every night. Every night, people clap. First, the first group claps. “Yeah, it’s a swastika. That’s what the country is. Trump probably put those pepperonis on there himself!” Then, the other crew claps. “No way. The country’s way too sensitive. PC police. Snowflakes!” And what these people don’t realize is despite believing completely different things, they’re actually the same person. ‘Cause they don’t really care about learning, and exploring, and discussing, they just want to chime in with their little programmed reactions. They already know what they think about everything. And the rest of you, the ones that didn’t clap, you’re not off the hook. I saw your faces. No one was sitting there like, “Oh, no. This poor guy. I hope that didn’t happen.” No, you were all sitting there with the same thought running through your head. “How did I miss this Pizza Hut thing? You see the…? You see it? I watch so much news. I’m watching CNN all goddamn day! I’m on my phone the rest of the time, I’ve had my shit locked up in this stupid pouch for an hour, and I’m already behind!” By the way, you had to be a little skeptical of this thing, ’cause, you know, if this happened, it wouldn’t have been a Pizza Hut, it would’ve happened at Papa John’s. Funny! Cool. Some lady just yelled, “Funny!” Unnecessary, but appreciated. This is why it’s cool to come to live stuff. You never know what’s gonna happen, right? “Funny!” That’s never happened ever in 18 years of doing comedy. So… Ooh! Let’s talk about Alzheimer‘s for a minute. My grandma has Alzheimer’s. I just saw her in India over the Christmas holiday. And, um, you know, I don’t know if you’ve got Alzheimer’s people in your life, but it’s a very sad disease. Uh, she has a caretaker now. This woman named Fatima. And, uh, Fatima kind of explained to me how you hang out with Alzheimer’s people, ’cause, you know, they have all these little tics and stuff you gotta account for. Like one thing my grandma would do is she would ask the same questions over and over, you know? Like, one thing she kept asking, she kept going, uh, “Is Aisha in there making samosas?” And Fatima would go, “Yep, she’s in there!” This was very strange to me ’cause Aisha’s her sister… that passed away. She’s definitely not in the kitchen making samosas. And I asked Fatima, like, “Why are you saying that? Why are you lying?” She goes, “Oh, sometimes it’s easier that way.” And I was like, “Oh. That seems kind of mean.” But I was there with my girlfriend, right, who’s a Caucasian woman. And every now and then, we’d be sitting around, and my grandma would just go, “Who’s this white lady?” I’d go, “It’s my girlfriend, Grandma.” “Does that mean it’s your wife?” “No, no, no. We’re just dating. Love each other very much, might get married in the future, but she’s very important to me, I wanted you to meet her.” “Oh, okay.” Blah, blah, blah. “Who’s this white lady?” “It’s my girlfriend, grandma.” “Is that your wife?” “No, no, We’re just dating, might get married. Love each other. She’s someone important. Wanted you to meet her.” “Okay.” Blah, blah. Who’s this white lady?” Um, “The British are back, Grandma. And… we’re gonna need to see your papers.” The saddest thing that happened was when my grandma goes, uh… At one point, she kept asking me to stay with her a little bit longer. She was like, “Why don’t you stay here a couple of nights, spend some time with your grandma?” I was like, “Oh, I can’t, Grandma. I’ve got to head back and get ready for my tour.” She was like, “Oh, okay. Hey, why don’t you stay here for a couple of days, spend some time with your grandma?” I was like, “I can’t, Grandma. I gotta fly back tomorrow and get ready for my tour.” “Oh, okay.” She kept asking me. I kept saying my thing. And it was killing me because… I knew it wasn’t true. I mean… I had a flight the next day, but I could’ve rearranged some things and stayed a little longer. But I’m not that good a person. I’m one afternoon good, I’m not two nights good. And, uh, she asked me again, and I was about to go into my spiel, and then Fatima just taps me on the shoulder, and she just goes, “Just tell her you’re staying.” And I was like, “Oh, man… I’m a bad grandson, but… you’re like a demon or something. I’m not doing that! That’s mean!” “Yeah, Grandma, I’ll be here all week! And guess who else is here? Aisha, bring out those samosas!” It’s hard seeing my grandma that way, though, ’cause I remember her when she was younger, you know? And that’s a scary thing when you get to the age I’m at. I’m 36 now, so, I’ve seen people get old. I see what old age can do to people. When you’re younger and you meet people that old, you only knew them in the deteriorated state, right? Like, if you ever met your great-grandma, the first time you met her, she was like, “Aah!” Uh, “Hi, Great-grandma Carol.” You didn’t know her when she was jumping rope or whatever. Like, you only knew her as this Star Wars villain-type person. But now, you see that change. It’s very scary. ‘Cause you realize that’s coming for us all, right? It’s coming for us. It’s coming for our parents. That’s when it gets scary, right? You start thinking about your folks. I’m very lucky, both of my parents are still alive and well, still have it all up here. And I completely take it for granted. I don’t call ’em enough. I don’t see ’em enough. You see your folks enough? How often you see them? What, two or three times a year? What have they got left? Maybe 20 years? That’s… 60 more times you get to see ’em. That’s it. Sixty more times. Sixty more hangs. Are you making the most of these hangs? Are you creating cherished memories? You know what? Everyone just close your eyes for a second. Close your eyes for a second. Close your eyes. Come on, man. Let’s close ’em. You’re the only one. Just think back to that last weekend you saw your parents, right? Think about everything you did. Hone in on your most cherished memory. And when you’ve got your memory, just raise your hand. There’s, like, five hands right now. You know why? ‘Cause we all had the same shitty weekend, okay? I know what you did, ’cause I did the same thing. You show up late on a Friday like, “All right, well, I better unpack my stuff and get to bed.” “All right, we’ll see you in the morning.” Day one done. Then, you wake up early the next day at like… 11:30. go in the kitchen, making coffee. “Oh, you guys got a new coffee machine.” “Yeah, we like it.” Conversation done. The rest of the day, everyone’s on their phones, computers, doing whatever they can to avoid eye contact or any kind of deep conversation. At a certain point, collective guilt sets in. The entire family convenes in the living room. No one knows what the fuck to say. Then, at some point, for some reason, you and your entire family watch the film Speed together. And then, it’s dinner time. One of your parents is like, “Hey, let’s go to any restaurant you like. You pick.” And you’re like, “I don’t live in this shitty town. You pick!” And they’re like, “Let’s go to that restaurant we like and don’t realize is actually a chain!” You show up, you order jalapeno poppers and the fried onion thing. You eat all the stuff, come home, you take the biggest shit you’ve had in months. Wake up the next morning, pack your stuff up, wheeling it out. Just as you’re leaving, one of your parents finally looks you in the eyes. And they’re like, uh, “Is your life okay?” And it never is. But you’re just like, “Yeah!” ‘Cause we’re completely incapable of having a real conversation with these people we’ve known our entire lives. We do this whole song and dance 59 more times… And then they’re dead. What if I ended the show right there? By the way, poor Tyler. None of this applies to you, dude. He’s sitting there like, “My dad’s gonna die in 20 years!” You’re all good, man. You’re with your dad right now. It’s all good. He’s gonna go home and just hug his mom, “Mom, the man said you’re gonna die in 20 years!” I’m not saying all this stuff to make us sad, okay? I’m saying it to hopefully inspire us to talk to these people, get to know ’em, right? ‘Cause when they pass, we’re the ones that tell their story, okay? You know, we’re their biographers. And I’m sure they’re way more interesting than we give ’em credit for. So, next time we’re home, I challenge us all, sit down with these people, talk to ’em. You know? Sit down with your mom and say, “You know what? Put away the phones and everything. I want to talk to you. I want to learn about your life. Tell me your story.” And she’ll be touched. You look her in the eye and you ask her stuff. You go big. Say, “So, Mom… You ever fuck a black guy? “Why would you ask me something like that?” “I’m just trying to learn about your life, I don’t know. I just want to know things.” “Well, that seems like a very strange place to start! “I don’t know. I’m trying.” All right, it was ’98, and the Bulls were in their prime. Um… Tyler, you can do that part if you want. Tyler, promise me you’ll do that. Will you do it? Will you do it? Will you do it? Will you do it? Yes! Mmm… Uh… I, uh… I’m in a relationship right now. Yeah, a very wonderful woman. Uh, we’re an interracial couple. You know, most people don’t care about that. But, uh… some people don’t like it! We kind of get it on two fronts nowadays, you know? One front, we get kind of old-school, classic stuff, you know? Like, “Y’all don’t match!” And you also get kind of new school stuff, like, “Aziz, you’re in entertainment, you shouldn’t be dating outside your ethnicity, especially a white person, ’cause that propagates ideas of white beauty being put on a pedestal!” Which is just a fancy way of saying, “Y’all don’t match!” ‘Cause, look, man, I understand. I get the argument, okay? But I’ve dated Indian people. I’ve dated people of many ethnicities. But this is the person I have a deep connection with. That’s very hard to find. And I’m sorry we’re not the same skin tone. But I’m also kind of tired of people telling me what race person I’m allowed to date. This has happened my entire life, you know? Even when I was a little kid. I remember being in first grade, every single kid in the class was white, except for me and this little Asian girl. And even back then, people used to be like, “All right, Aziz! What’s going on with you and Christine Li, man? I see you two. What’s going on over there? Come on, man. You look weird. She looks weird… Let’s do this!” Then 20-odd years later, I get into show business, it’s the same thing, right? “All right, Aziz, you’re an Indian comedy actor… Mindy Kaling’s an Indian comedy actor. What’s going on-yam-yam-yam-yam?” Uh… You know, uh, my girlfriend, she’s Danish, so she doesn’t even understand some of the racism we deal with sometimes. ‘Cause, you know, they don’t have the same kind of racism in Denmark. Just culturally, it’s different, ’cause they don’t have any other races. Just Danish people, and the closest thing they’ve got to minorities is rye bread. So sometimes, I’ve got to explain stuff to her, you know? And, okay, I’m gonna do her voice for this next bit. This is not her voice, okay? Her… her accent’s a little tricky, ’cause she’s lived in a few different parts of the world, so, I’m just saying that ’cause I don’t want to do this voice and people be like, “Whoa, Aziz is dating some Mary Poppins-sounding motherfucker.” Anyway, she comes up to me one day, she goes, “Darling, I did something a bit naughty. Um, I went on some internet forums and I saw people have been posting paparazzi photos of us. And I’m just wondering, why do these people think that my name is Becky?” And I had to explain to her, “No one thinks your name’s Becky. That’s just internet slang making fun of white girls. Like the Beyoncé song, “Go call Becky with the good hair.” “Oh… so it’s kind of like a slur? Not that bad really, just calling me a different name.” And then she opened up her umbrella and flew into the sky. One time… we were walking around in New York, right? And we’re just holding hands, minding our business. Dude just points at us, and he goes, “Bet you get a lot of free taxi rides with that one!” Oh! Before I could even say anything, my girlfriend just goes, “Excuse me, sir. I pay for my fair share of the taxis, thank you very much!” And then just started strutting like she’d dominated the interaction. And… I didn’t even get a chance to get angry at this guy ’cause I was so confused. And I was eventually like, “Why did you say that?” She goes, “Well, this gentleman is clearly implying that I’m dating you for your wealth and that I am some kind of gold digger.” “That’s what you think just happened? No. He’s making fun of me ’cause I’m Indian. He’s saying that I drive a taxi.” “Hm, well, you don’t drive a taxi. Ha-ha!” “No, he knows that. He’s just saying that… a lot of times you get in a cab, it’s a brown guy. It’s a stereotype. It’s a job Indian people have a lot.” “Mmm, well, a lot of Indian people are doctors as well. He could’ve said, ‘Oh, bet you get a lot of free check-ups with that one.” Uh… “I guess technically, yes, but… why the fuck would he say that? That’s not… not really what he’s going for here, okay? He’s trying to be demeaning, okay? He’s not trying to make fun of me for potentially being a doctor. Uh… He’s just saying, often you get in a cab, it’s a brown guy and he’s Indian, okay?” “Hm, well, someone send him a memo, ’cause just ’cause someone’s brown doesn’t mean they’re Indian. They could also be Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and many other…” “Yeah, he knows all this! Goddammit, Becky, this is what racism is.” For birth control stuff, my girlfriend, uh, she has an IUD. Got some fans in the house! “Whoo, I have one in my pussy, as well!” Two people that are sitting pretty close together. There’s a little cluster. But, you know, my girlfriend has one, and she’s very surprised that more people in America don’t have the IUDs, ’cause they’re very popular in Europe. Here, not as much. Here, people are more into the pills. If you think about it, I get her confusion, ’cause the pills really are a crazy product, right? Pills are like you and your partner, Lisa and David, go to the doctor, you’re like, “Uh… Yes, um, we’re worried about pregnancy but we don’t want to use condoms. Is there anything we can do?” The doctor’s like, “Yes. I’ve got the perfect plan. Lisa, I’m gonna give you this pill. This pill, uh… this pill’s gonna fuck you up. It’s gonna put a bunch of hormones in your body, it’s gonna be weird, but I need you to take the pill every day at the same time, okay? Every day, same time. Don’t forget. You forget even once, you’ll get pregnant today, okay? Every day, same time. Don’t fuck this up, Lisa! All right, David, this is what you’re gonna have to do. Nothing. I got you, dog, just go ahead. Drop it in. Have a good time. I don’t even know why you came to the appointment. You’re adorable.”nNow, the way the IUD thing works… The way the IUD thing works is there’s this little copper guy, and the doctor puts it in there very deep in a very painful procedure. And it’s got these strings on the outside so the doctor can take it out if you decide you want to have kids, or I guess after, like, seven years, it has to be replaced. And, uh, one time, we’re doing stuff, and I hit the string… with my penis. And… it hurt very badly. And, oh, man… It’s hard to go back in there with that same level of enthusiasm… after an attack. I’m trying to think of an analogy. It’s like… Uh, let’s say you’re eating a bag of chips, right? And… everything’s fine, right? You’re having the chips… “Meh, eh, eh, eh.” And then one time, you reach for a chip and… something bites your dick, right? And the next time you reach for the chips, you’re not gonna be like, “Eh…” You’re gonna be like, “Oh, hold on, don’t move the bag. I’m coming in. Don’t move the bag!” It’s different. So, this eventually becomes a problem, right? And… my girlfriend’s like, “We gotta do something. I don’t like this. Maybe I should go back on the pills.” “Hey, whatever you want to do is fine with me. It doesn’t really feel like my place to say, you know?” And she’s like, “Yeah, I know, but I don’t really like the pills.” I’m like, “Why not?” She goes, “Ah, you know. You get very cranky, very moody, irritable. But I guess I could do it.” And I was like, “What? These are the two options? Either I risk penal bruising, or you just resign yourself to becoming this shittier person? There’s got to be another way.”nSure enough… she goes to the doctor, finds out there’s this brand new male IUD… And I got one put in. And now we’re all good. Yeah. So, the way this thing works… There is no male IUD! Look how excited people got! This lady in the front just pulled out her phone, “I’m calling to make an appointment for my boyfriend. What time do you open? Uh, eight o’clock? Yeah, he’ll be there at 7:15. Let’s go ahead and put two of those guys in there in case one of them breaks down, and, uh… Please, tuck those strings in nicely, I don’t want anything poking my pussy. Uh, his name? Uh, it’s Dan Greenblatt. That’s right.” Oh… Dan, glad you came out tonight. I’m glad you all came out tonight. And… yeah. I really mean that. I really am very grateful you came, you know? ‘Cause, you know, I’ve done a lot of shows in my career. At the end of the shows, I’d always go, “Good night. Thank you very much!” But the truth is, I never really meant it. I was just saying that ’cause it’s what you say at the end of a show, right? I mean, sure, I was grateful. I’m not a dick. But… I wasn’t grateful enough. I didn’t really think about what it means that all you guys came out. But now, when I see you guys here, it hits me in a different way. I think about what it means that all you guys, you drove down here, you waited in line. And you did all of this stuff just to hear me talk into a microphone for, like, an hour or so. And it means the world to me, ’cause… I saw the world… where I don’t ever get to do this again. And… it almost felt like I’d died. In a way… I did. That old Aziz who said, “Oh, treat yo’ self,” whatever, he’s dead. But I’m glad… ’cause that guy… was always looking forward… to whatever was next. “Oh, am I gonna do another tour? Am I gonna do another season of the show?” Blah, blah, blah. I don’t think that way anymore. ‘Cause I’ve realized… it’s all ephemeral. All that stuff… it can just go away… like this… And all we really have… is the moment we’re in… and the people we’re with. Now, I talked about my grandma earlier, and it was sad. But what I didn’t tell you was the whole time when I was with her, she was smiling, she was laughing, she was there with me. She was present in a way no other people I’ve been around recently have been. I’ve tried to take that with me. And Granny, my grandma, doesn’t have much choice in this matter. But I do. And that’s how I choose to live, in the moment I’m in with the people I’m with. And right now, this is our moment, right? Me, you guys, Dan… Random lady that yelled, “Funny!” Young Tyler who’s scarred for life. It’s all of us. And this is our moment right now. So, you know what? Why don’t we all just take it in for just a second? An on that, I’ll say good night, and thank you very, very much.

Is our generation that amazing? I don’t think we are. I don’t think we’re as amazing as our parents are. I don’t think we can pull that kind of shit off. Like, could you imagine if you sent me to Brooklyn with $20 in my pocket? I’d get there the first day and be like, “Oh, man, I’m out of money! I just bought too much fresh pressed juice! Guess I gotta move back.” “Hey, Dad. Yeah, I’m coming back to India, huh. Things didn’t work out here. Uh, I made a bad investment in juice.”nMy parents told me a little bit about their struggles. They moved to South Carolina. That’s where they chose– Yeah! ‘Cause they were trying to find a place that combined racism… and horrible public schools… and they’re like, “Ooh, South Carolina! You’re right in the middle of this very unnecessary Venn diagram. Let’s do this!” And, you know, they told me a little bit about it. And, you know, my mom told me her first day in America was the scariest day of her life. And I was like, “Wow, why do you say that?” She’s like, “Well, I got here. I didn’t know anyone. I was so far away from my friends and family. Uh, I barely even knew your father.” They had an arranged marriage and she’d known him for, like, a week at that point. This is serious. And she said she got here and she’s in this small apartment, it’s empty and she didn’t know what to do, and she felt so scared. I was like, “What did you do that first day?” She’s like, “I didn’t know what to do. I was all alone. Your dad was at work the whole day. And I just sat on the couch and I cried.” I was like, “Oh, that’s so sad. How did you get through that?” And she’s like, “It was just one of those moments where I just knew I had to be brave and figure it out. You ever had moments like that, Aziz, where you were so scared, but you knew you had to be brave and figure it out?” And I was like… “No! My life is super easy ’cause you did all the struggling. So, my shit’s really easy.” I’m not gonna have any struggles to tell my kids about. What’s my story gonna be like? “Oh, son, once, when I was flying from New York to LA… my iPad died.” My kid will be like, “Fuck you, Dad. We’re teleporting to Mars!”nMy dad told me a little bit about his struggles. My dad’s a doctor. And he said when he first got here, it was very hard ’cause the head of the hospital was very racist and would never send him patients. He’d always send patients to another doctor that lived three hours away. And I was like, “Oh, that stinks. How did you figure that out?” And he said, “Well, what eventually happened was the head of the hospital got very sick and he had a stomach problem.” My dad is a stomach doctor. And so he called for my dad. He’s like, “Oh, send that Indian guy in. I don’t want to go to the guy three hours away.” And my mom was like, “You shouldn’t go. That guy’s racist, he never sends you patients. Why should you go?” My dad was like, “No, I’m gonna go, ’cause I think we need to be the bigger people here.” So my dad goes and he starts treating the guy. And then my dad poisons him and kills him. And then my dad became the head of the hospital. And that’s what you gotta do when you’re an immigrant! Handle your shit! Kill some racist motherfuckers if you need to!', "How many of you guys– Clap if you don’t eat meat. Anyone here not eat meat? Clap if you don’t eat meat. Okay. Now, clap if you don’t eat meat ’cause, um, you saw a documentary or you read a book that freaked you out about the meat industry. Clap if that’s the situation. A few people. Now, clap if you’ve just seen that stuff in general. Like, video of a factory farm or read something that, like, freaked you out about the food industry. Clap if you’ve seen that stuff, yeah? That’s a lot of people. Now, clap if you saw that stuff and you’re like, “Oh, my God, that’s disgusting. It’s cruel, it’s inhumane. The government definitely needs to properly regulate the meat industry. There’s no excuse for this. The government definitely needs to properly regulate the meat industry. But, in the meantime… I kinda still gotta eat meat ’cause I don’t want to feel weird and hungry all the time.” Isn’t that so frustrating? ‘Cause no one wants to support that stuff. But you know what the problem is? Salads need to step their game up, okay? Like, salads aren’t bringing it hard enough. Vegetables aren’t bringing it hard enough. If food is a basketball game, meat is killing it. Meat is just like, “Ribs! Fried chicken! Steak!” Meanwhile, vegetables are like, “Uh, does anyone want any cauliflower? What about some snow peas? Does anyone like Brussels sprouts?” “Yeah, I’ll take those Brussels sprouts and I’ll wrap ’em in some bacon!” That’s how powerful meat is, right? You go into a kitchen, you smell bacon and go, “Are you cooking bacon right now? Is that bacon you’re making right– Is there any way you have a second piece of bacon that I could eat as well? Is there any…” No one’s ever walked into a kitchen like, “Are you steaming carrots right now? Are you steaming carrots? I can smell the steam from the other room. Is that some broccoli and cauliflower? Are you making a medley right now? Are you making a motherfucking steamed vegetable medley right now? Oh, don’t tell me that’s brown rice in that bowl! Don’t tell me that’s brown rice! You better fix me a plate now!” Even if you don’t eat meat, even if you’re just eating vegetables, do you know everything that goes into the vegetables? There’s all this messed-up stuff with vegetables, too, like child labor and all these issues. Like, how come every vegetable’s always in season, right? Every vegetable’s always in season, right? You never go to the grocery store and they’re like, “We don’t have asparagus at the moment. They’re just not growing.” No, no, no. They have everything all the time. ‘Cause if it’s not growing here, they just go to South America, and there’s some guy with a sword going up to little kids like, “Dígame, dígame! Pick the asparagus! Pick it! Pick it! Pick it! People in America need to eat it and see if it really makes their pee smell weird!” Just never google how anything you consume is created. Just never google it, ’cause it’s always gonna bum you out. I used to buy this orange juice called Simply OJ, ’cause I’m dumb and I see words like “simple” and “natural,” and I’m like, “Mmm, okay, well, clearly, there must be a grandma squeezing oranges into a bucket, and, you know, then she pours that in a little bottle.” No, no, no, no, no. That’s what was happening for, like, three months, and then Coca-Cola bought the company. They slit the grandma’s throat… and now a bunch of little Asian kids just jizz into a banana peel, and that’s Simply OJ. Something like that. I can’t… quite remember the specifics, but… something like that. Everything, man! Eggs! You know how they make eggs? This is how they make eggs, okay? They genetically engineer two different types of chicken. One type of chicken is called the layer chick. Just lays eggs, right? And they have another type of chick called a broiler chick. This is the chicken they, like, pump up with a bunch of hormones so it has, like, huge breasts and legs, and that’s the one they use for the meat. And I’m reading this, I’m like, “Well, what happens to the male layer chicks?” They serve no purpose, right? They can’t lay eggs. They can’t be used for meat. What happens? They just get murdered! In insane ways. Like, they’ll take all the male layer chicks and they’ll throw ’em into a big chicken woodchipper. Um, another thing they’ll do is they’ll put ’em in a big plastic vat and just put a lid on it and suffocate ’em to death. And, yeah, it’s a bummer. Like, none of us is into that. Like, we’d all check “No” on that box. But the problem is, this kind of information, this kind of footage, it just hasn’t been seen in the right context to elicit the kind of mass outrage that would actually result in some changes, you know. Right now, it’s in these obscure documentaries or books or whatever. But what if it was in a different context? Like, what if there was a CNN camera crew that did a raid at rapper Ja Rule’s house? And they saw he had a big plastic vat where he was just suffocating chickens to death. We’d all be like, “Ja, you monster! What are you doing?” And he’d be like, “I’m sorry, I just wanted some eggs! I had to make ethical compromises in order to achieve economies of scale! ♪ It’s murda!” ♪ I’ll admit, when I first wrote that joke, I was like, “But will people remember Ja Rule?” Oh, how foolish I was! If you’re not familiar with Ja, um… he had a strange string of hits a few years ago, where… every song followed this very strange formula where they’d have a woman with a very beautiful voice, like Jennifer Lopez or Ashanti, and they would sing the hook. And then Ja would come in and sound like someone that was getting stabbed in the stomach through their ulcer. Like, every single song was just like, ♪ R-U-L-E ♪ ♪ What’s my motherfucking name? ♪ ♪ R-U-L-E ♪ ♪ And what am I doing here? ♪ I feel like I gotta do that whole bit on a talk show or something. ‘Cause whenever you do a bit like that on a talk show, the person always gets in touch with you. So I feel like I have to do it, just so I can get that amazing phone call one day, where it’s just like, “Aziz?” – “Yeah. Who is this?” – “Ja Rule, baby! Saw the way you integrated me into that bit about factory farming in the egg industry! I never knew that shit! I’m never eatin’ meat again! You know where I can get some more literature on this subject? Maybe a pamphlet on how to adjust to a vegan or vegetarian lifestyle? ♪ Put it on me!” ♪ Soon, Ja starts getting really passionate about the cause. He starts filming his own PSAs. “Every day, millions of chickens are living in tiny cages the size of a piece of paper. They’re shittin’ all over each other in these disease-ridden factory farms. This is the meat we’re puttin’ in our mouths! This is the meat we’re puttin’ in our children’s mouths! If you think the government should probably regulate the meat industry, ♪ Holla, holla!” ♪ Guys, if only you knew how long it’s taken me to find the perfect stand-up bit to showcase my frustrations with the meat industry… and my flawless Ja Rule impersonation… then you’d know my struggle. You know what I’ve realized recently? Creepy dudes are everywhere… and they’re so much more prevalent than I ever realized. And it really sucks, ’cause women have to worry about creepy dudes all the time. And it’s very unfair because men never worry about creepy women. Like, men never are concerned about creepy women. That’s not a thing. There’s never been two dudes, walking alone, late night in a park, like… – “Hey, man, I think we should speed up.” – “Why, what’s going on?” “I’m pretty sure that woman behind the tree is masturbating to us!” “Oh, God! Oh, God! Should we get a cab? Should we just keep running? Ahh!” No two dudes have ever faced that dilemma. There’s never been a dude who’s told a story like this, “Yeah, so I’m at the club, like, minding my own business, right? And then this creepy woman comes up to me. She’s like, ‘Hey, can I buy you a drink?’ I’m like, ‘No, I’m fine.’ ‘Let me buy you a drink.’ ‘No, I’m fine.’ She’s like, ‘Let me buy you a drink!’ I’m like, ‘Okay, okay, okay.’ And so, you know, she buys me a drink and I take a sip to be polite, and then she’s just like… that’s a nice set of balls you got down there. What do you think about me sucking on one of those bad boys later?’ And I was like, ‘Uh, that’s quite all right.’ And she’s like, ‘Oh, but you’ll drink the drink, though! You’ll drink the drink, though! To be clear, I can’t suck the balls, but you’ll drink the drink, though! You’ll drink the drink, though! You’re twisted! Ladies, let’s get out of this club! Dudes here are busted!'” No dude has that story. No dude’s ever barged up into his friend’s apartment in a panic, like, “Oh, my God! Dude, I’m so sorry! I didn’t know where else to go! This is so crazy! Oh, my God! I’m so freaked out right now! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I was walking down Third Avenue, and this woman just whipped her pussy out at me. And she just started chasing me like, ‘Ahh! Do you wanna touch it?'” No guy here has any story like that. No guy here has any story like that. Every woman in here has at least three stories like that. I promise you, they do. Creepy dudes are everywhere, man. They’re on the Internet. Oh, they love the Internet so much! Such a great showcase for them. It’s really startling if you look at the difference between the way men are treated on the Internet and women are treated on the Internet. You know, me as a guy, let’s say I tweet something like, “Hey, guys, I’m doing a show in Phoenix. Get tickets!” I might get a mean tweet, where some guy’s like, “Oh, yeah? I’m never coming to Phoenix, ’cause you suck! Yeah, I got him. I did it, yeah!” If a woman tweets that, though, her mean tweet will be different. Like, if a woman tweets, “Hey, I’m doing a show in Phoenix. Get tickets!” Her mean tweet will be like, “Oh, yeah? Instead of going to Phoenix, why don’t you come to Buffalo and suck my dick? Yeah! I got her! I did it, yeah! Let’s go watch Transformers again! Pshh!” No women are harassing me like that. Women just don’t harass dudes in that way. I never get tweets like that. No women are ever writing me stuff like, “Oh, hey, Aziz, I bet you give good head! Yeah! Suck my pussy, Aziz! Suck my pussy, Aziz!” No women are out there writing me like, “Oh, hey, Aziz, I wanna take your head and squeeze it in between my titties till your beard pops off. Yeah!” No women are saying that. No women are out there like, “Oh, Aziz, you’re putting out a new stand-up special? Why don’t you put your fingers in my pussy instead? Finger me, Aziz! Finger me, Aziz! Let’s go watch Dirty Dancing on Blu-ray!” Pshh! No women are saying that ’cause, in general, women don’t do dumb shit like that. That’s not a thing they do, really. Men do this shit all the time, and it’s so dumb. I did a show with a female comedian once. She got on stage and the first thing that happened is some idiot in the front just yells, “Take it off!” If you’re a dude, never yell, “Take it off.” Unless a woman has placed a tarantula or a scorpion on one of your shoulders, there’s no reason for you to yell, “Take it off!” I’ve seen dudes yell “Take it off” in a strip club! She has a routine planned. She’s trying to tease you, you dumb motherfucker! What would you rather her do? Just, like, walk out there completely naked? Another thing… Another thing creepy dudes do… they’ll just follow women. You know what I’m talking about? Like, they’ll just see a woman and be like, “Okay!” And just follow ’em around for, like, a really long time. Terrifying. Raise your hand if you’re a woman and you’ve ever been followed around by a creepy dude. Raise your hand high! Raise it really fucking high! Everyone just look around and see how many hands are raised right now. Yeah, that’s way too many people. That should not be happening. One woman told me she eventually got rid of the guy by walking into a pet store where you needed to get buzzed in. I’m not sure why this pet store had such intense security… but, um… she said, she went in there and said, “Hey, there’s a creepy guy following me. Don’t buzz him in.” They’re like, “Okay.” And she said she just waited there until he left. And I was like, “Wow, how long did you have to wait?” And she was like, “Mmm, 45 minutes.” Forty-five minutes of her day gone ’cause this creep decided to follow her. God! But I get it, man, you gotta be safe. These guys are crazy. You never know, they may follow you to your home or your apartment where you live. And if you’re a creepy dude doing that, what’s your dream scenario at that point? Like, what’s your best-case situation? Like, what do you think’s really gonna happen? Like, the woman’s just gonna get to her door and just turn around, just like, “So… are you just gonna stand there… or are you gonna come up and fuck me?” That’s never happening. That’s never happening! There’s a greater chance of a tornado grabbing a woman and blowing her into your penis than there is of you somehow seducing a woman that way, you fucking creeps. What can you do for real, though, man? One woman told me a story that was kind of cool. She said, one time, she had a creepy guy following her and, uh, she saw another dude that she thought was like a good dude, and said, “Hey, can you pretend to be my boyfriend? I think there’s, like, a creepy guy following me. Can you pretend to be my boyfriend?” And the guy did it. And it helped her out and the creepy guy went away. I was like, “Oh, man, that’s really cool,” right? She had faith that this other guy would be a decent human being. And he was, and he rose to the challenge and it helped her out, you know? I would do that. If any woman in here was like, “Hey, Aziz, could you pretend to be my boyfriend?” I would do that shit, I would get into it. I’d be like, “I got this! What’s the situation?” “There’s a creepy guy following me.” – “Where is he?” – “He’s right behind us.” “Oh, fuck! He’s really creepy. He’s rather large as well. Are you sure we shouldn’t be seeing other people? Just kidding, I got this.” “What are you gonna do, Aziz?” “Oh, I’m gonna beat the shit out of this guy!” – “Really?” – “Yeah. But first, I need to run a quick errand.” – “What is it?” – “I gotta buy a dog. Let’s go in this pet store and wait about 45 minutes.” Clap if you’re in a relationship right now. Relationship folks. You know what I love about relationship people? I love how they tell the story of how they met their person. You know what I’m talking about? It’s a very specific type of storytelling where it’s like, “Oh… …and we’ve been together ever since.” That’s like a fun way to tell a story, right? But I don’t think it’s fair that frustrated single people can’t share their stories in the same manner, right? Like, those are more relatable stories. Like, I would love to hear a woman tell a story like this, “So, Rachel’s like, ‘Come get a drink. Come get a drink. Come get a drink.’ I’m like, ‘No, I’m not coming out tonight.’ She’s like, ‘You never come out. How are you gonna meet someone if you never come out?’ So, I’m like, ‘Fine!’ So, we go to the bar and there’s this really cute guy. He’s sitting by himself and he’s drinking a whiskey. And Rachel’s like, ‘Go talk to him. Go talk to him.’ I’m like, ‘No, I’m not saying anything.’ And she’s like, ‘You go talk to him or I’m gonna talk to him for you.’ So, I’m like, ‘Fine.’ So, I walk over… and I go, ‘Hey, are you waiting on someone?’ And he goes, ‘Yeah, I’m waiting on my girlfriend.’ So, I sat back down… and I haven’t seen him ever since!” That’s a story we can all relate to, right? Or what about a story like this, “So Bryan’s like, ‘Come on, man. Let’s go to one more bar. Let’s go to one more spot.’ I’m like, ‘I’m pretty beat. I think I’m just gonna call it. It’s like 3:45 in the morning. I’m gonna go home.’ He’s like, ‘No, no, no, no. This is a late night spot. There’s always girls there. You never know, you never know, you never know.’ So, I’m like, ‘Fuck it.’ So, we head to the bar and, uh, it was closed. Guess it was a slow night, so, uh, that was that.” Or what about a story like this? “So, me and her, we’ve always been really close, but, you know, nothing’s ever happened, never hooked up or anything, just been friends. And we’re out this one night, she’s just broken up with her boyfriend and we’re having a couple of drinks, and it starts getting a little flirty. Then it starts getting a little touchy-feely. Next thing you know, we’re back at my place and we’re having sex. And this is, like, amazing sex. It’s been, like, pent-up for years. And it’s one of those things that just felt right, you know? And at one point, she just looks me right in the eyes and she just says, ‘I don’t think we should do this!’ So… I pulled my penis out… we went to sleep, and it’s been an awkward situation for… it’ll be a year in August.” Those are the stories we can relate to. Being in a relationship, it’s tough. It’s a lot of work. But I think being single is even harder, especially right now. Very odd, frustrating time to be a single person. And I like the idea of being single in theory. But what does that mean? You meet a bunch of different people, you get to know ’em, you find someone you really connect with, hmm, maybe pursue something more serious. That sounds good, I would sign up for that. But that’s not what being single is anymore, right? This is what being single is now, “Hey, it was great meeting you. We should get together sometime.” “Yeah, that’d be great. Be in touch.” – “All right. Bye.” – “Cool.” “Hey, what’s up? You wanna grab some drinks tonight?” “Yeah, yeah, I’m with some friends in this neighborhood.” “Oh, cool. We’ll be down there soon.” – “Can’t wait to see you. Cool.” – “All right. Bye.” “Hey, what’s up? We’re almost there.” “Shit, we just left.” Why? Why’d you just leave? Isn’t that a rude, shitty thing to do? You invited me somewhere and then you left before I got there. “Maybe we’ll meet up tomorrow.” “Tomorrow is perfect. Text you later and make a plan.” – “All right. Bye.” – “Cool.” “Hey, what’s up? Should we grab those drinks tonight?” “Oh, drank way too much last night. Gonna stay in today.” That’s not what was discussed yesterday! Would you like a transcript of our conversation? You may scroll up on your phone. “Maybe we can meet up on Thursday.” “Thursday’s perfect. Text you later and make a plan.” – “All right. Bye.” – “Cool.” “Hey, what’s up? It’s Thursday. Should we get together tonight?” And that’s what being single is now. All that garbage. That’s what it is a lot of times. It’s pretty much like you’re a secretary for this really shoddy organization… trying to schedule the dumbest shit with the flakiest people. And I’ve realized this flakiness, it doesn’t even have to do with dating or anything. It’s actually a symptom of a bigger problem we all have. You know, we’re all part of the rudest, flakiest group of people ever. Like, if you’re alive right now and you have a phone, you’re a rude, shitty person. You just are. Like, has anyone here tried to make plans with anyone in the past couple of years? Has anyone tried to make plans with anyone? It’s the most frustrating experience. ‘Cause what happens anytime you ask someone to do something nowadays? It’s like, “Hey, you wanna do this fun thing?” “Maybe. Maybe, I could try. We could see about… maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe.” No one wants to commit to shit. ‘Cause they’re terrified that something better is gonna come along. It is so rude. Why do we do this? I think it’s ’cause we’re also part of the least lonely generation, the least isolated generation, you know? It used to be a big deal when you finally got to see your friends in person, right? Nowadays, it’s not as much, ’cause you’re always connected with your friends, you’re always– Wherever you are, work, school, whatever, you’re always texting, e-mailing, joking around. So, when you see them in person, it’s not as big a deal as it used to be. You know, now it’s like, “Oh, man, it’s so good to see you. I just went on this crazy vacation!” “I know, I saw all the pictures. Leave me alone.” It used to not be like that. It used to be a big deal when you saw your friends, right? Think about what you’d be doing, like, 40 years ago, you know. Think about what that would be like. What you’d be doing, like, on a Thursday night. You know, you’re just sitting in your house, by yourself… you’re in a wooden chair… eating a can of beans. You have nothing. You’re not connected to anyone. No entertainment. “Oh, uh, maybe I’ll listen to some music.” All right, just the music you own, or you can sit around and hope a song you like comes on the radio, and then grab a cassette and run over like a little bitch. “Oh, I missed the beginning!” Maybe you’ll stay in and watch a movie. All right, what’s it gonna be? Home Alone, Jurassic Park or Mrs. Doubtfire? That’s all you have. You have nothing! And then, in the corner of the room, you have your one outlet to the outside world, right? Your landline. And if you were lucky, at some point it would ring and you’d be like, “Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hello! Who is this? Phil, thank you so much for calling. What would you like to do? That sounds great! I’ll see you there at 8:00.” And you would be there at 8:00. And Phil would be there at 8:00. And if Phil wasn’t there by 8:15, you’d be like, “Oh, my God! Phil is dead. Phil has died! We were supposed to see Police Academy and now he’s dead!” ‘Cause that was the only polite way to cancel on people back in the day. You had to die. Now what do your shitty friends do? They’ll call you like an hour before. “Hey, you know, I’m feeling kind of tired. So, I think I’m just gonna stay in tonight.” “Oh, you’re tired? What, were you doing a bunch of manual labor? Were you, uh, building a habitat for humanity? Or…” “No, I just did one of those online surveys that tells you what character you are from a particular TV show. And I’ve done, like, seven of them, so I’m feeling kind of tired. And, you know, I’m just so tired, I don’t feel like driving and everything.” Hold up! You’re too tired to drive? The car moves. You don’t do shit, you just sit there. How is this a valid excuse? Did you recently purchase a Flintstones -type vehicle where you need to run along? I don’t believe you did. So now, when you make plans, you got to remember how flaky everyone is, right? You got to factor that in. You got to change your approach. You know, you look at my phone on a Sunday, when I’m trying to find someone to get brunch with, I look like a psychopath. It’s just like, “Hey, you wanna get brunch? Hey, you wanna get– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna–” And it’s this weird list of my best friend to the shittiest person I’d eat pancakes with. But I get it. I get it, man. I understand why we’re like this. We all have the same nightmare. You know the nightmare. The nightmare is you do commit to doing the thing with Phil, right? And you get there, like, “This is fun, Phil. I’m glad I came. We’re getting to catch up and stuff. It’s good.” Then you get that phone call. “Dude, where are you? Biggie and Tupac faked their deaths. They’re doing a show right now. I have an extra ticket. Where are you?” “I’m upstate picking apples with Phil!” We all have that nightmare, and I do think there’s a new thing, where we always want the best, you know? Whatever we’re doing, we wanna do the best, funnest thing. Whatever we’re buying, we want the best. We have all these options, and we have all this information at our fingertips to research it. And we always want the best. Why not have the best? And a lot of times it’s very useful, right? I made some more educated decisions in my life. But, at a certain point, doesn’t that stuff become debilitating? Like, now it’s gotten to the point where before I make any choice or decision in my life, I have to google something to make sure I’m not fucking it up. You know what I mean? Like, the other day, I had to get a toothbrush. Before I left my house, without even thinking about it, I googled, “Best toothbrush.” That’s right, I’m about to get the best toothbrush. Why? Why do I need the best toothbrush? Every other toothbrush I bought on a hunch has been fine. Like, what is the big fear now? Have you ever run into someone with no teeth, and be like, “What happened?” “Bought the wrong toothbrush. Should’ve done more research!” And when you take these kind of mentalities and you throw ’em in the dating world, things get crazy, man. Things get really weird, you know. You people that are married, been in long relationships, you have no idea what it’s like out there right now. Everything has changed. Take your most basic problem as a single person. What is it? You like someone, they don’t like you back. Or the reverse, someone likes you, you don’t like them back. Okay, at one point in time, that used to be kind of a weird thing. It was awkward, it was a conversation, it was something you had to deal with, right? Now, what do people do? Someone likes you, you don’t like ’em back? Just pretend to be busy forever. That’s what people do now. They pretend to be busy forever, and then they conduct this strange psychological experiment, where it’s like, “Mmm, how much hope does this person have? How many times do I need to pretend to be busy before they realize this many scheduling conflicts is statistically impossible… and something else is going on?” Now, look, I don’t think it’s coming from a bad place. I think you’re trying not to hurt someone’s feelings, right? What are your other options? Um, you could say nothing and give people silence. Or you could just be honest with them. Those are your big three options, right? Clap if what you do is pretend to be busy. Clap if that’s your move. Okay. I’d say that’s my move as well, okay. Clap if what you do is, you say nothing. You give people silence. Okay, and finally, clap if you’re just honest with people. Okay, now let’s say the situation is reversed and someone else is dealing with you. How do you prefer they handle the situation? Clap if you prefer that they pretend to be busy. All right. Clap if you prefer that they say nothing, that they give you silence. Why the fuck would you prefer that? This is a hypothetical thing. That’s your preference? You’re into confusion? Sorry, this isn’t a good way to do polls. I shouldn’t shit on people after certain responses. I apologize. And finally, clap if you prefer that they’re just honest with you. I’d say I’m in that camp as well. Well, well, well, I think our findings are pretty clear, right? We’re all really shitty people. Whenever we’re dealing with others, we’re like, “I’m gonna pretend to be busy. I don’t wanna say anything.” When other people are dealing with us, we’re like, “Why must we all play these games? Can’t we all just be honest with one another?” And the other thing is, we all say we prefer honesty, myself included, but can we really handle honesty, you know? I talked to a woman once, she’s like, “Oh, I’m just honest with people. I don’t mess around. I’m just honest with people.” I was like, “Really? All right. I’m a guy, I ask you out for dinner, you don’t wanna go, what would you say?” She said, “I would say, ‘I’m not interested in getting dinner with you.'” And on one hand, that’s really nice, right? There’s no games there, you know exactly where you stand, you’re not wasting your time. On the other hand, though, could you imagine actually receiving a text like that? “Hey, you wanna get dinner sometime?” “I’m not interested in getting dinner with you.” God damn! What are you, a demon? That’s the meanest, coldest shit anyone’s ever said to me, okay? I’m a person. I have feelings, okay? I’m just a fellow human being that wanted to break bread with you and get to know you a little better. Is that such a horrifying situation? I was basically like, “Hey, you want some free food?” You’re like, “Not if your presence is involved. You got a gift certificate? I’ll go with my friend.” I don’t know what the best way to deal with it is, man. I do think it’s tough. I do think silence might be the worst, though. Silence to me seems like the rudest, most cowardly way to handle a situation. And it’s also the one that hurts the other person the most, right? We’ve all been on the other end of that. That’s the worst, man. The worst is when you meet someone you’re really into and you feel that connection. You know what I’m talking about? When you meet that person… “Oh, my God. We both felt that. No games this time, deep connection. No games, deep connection. No games… deep connection.” You send the first text, you’re all confidence. “Forget about it, it’s done. Wrap it up, put it in a bag, write my name on it… ’cause it’s done.” Twenty minutes later, no response. “Okay, well, I’m sure she’s just busy with a couple of things, and any minute now…” Three hours later, “Fuck! I put too many exclamation points in my text! What was I thinking? I should have said ‘Hey’ with two ‘Y’s, ‘ not three ‘Y’s.’ I’m so stupid!” Three hours earlier. You’re looking up vacation packages on Orbitz, you’re planning birthdays, holidays, a whole life together. And now it’s all gone away, and you have no idea why. And this is when people start going crazy. ‘Cause in the past, let’s say you’re in a situation like this, someone doesn’t call or write you back, you get over it with time, right? Out of sight, out of mind. The problem now is, we don’t give ourselves the luxury of out of sight, out of mind. ‘Cause what happens now when you get into one of these situations? We all become detectives. We start opening up tabs: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. “All right, let’s see every single thing this motherfucker’s doing instead of texting me back. GPS on screen two! Instagram on screen three! Let’s see what they’re looking at right now!” And it’s a brutal thing to do to yourself. You should not do it because, ah, you’re in the most vulnerable position, right? You put yourself out there. You’re like… ♪ I like you, baby You like me ♪ Any guy or girl in that situation, that’s what they’re feeling. And you’re just waiting for something to put your heart at ease, but instead, you’re getting nothing. Then you go on the Internet, you’re reading stuff like, “Mmm, eating ice cream and watching Dexter. Hash mark, I really need a man.” “What? I just asked you out! You know I follow you! You know I’m reading this. What kind of evil is inside of you?” And it seems like an area where we could all be a little bit more thoughtful, right? Uh, ’cause, look, anytime someone asks you out, whether it’s a guy asking a girl or girl asking a guy, whatever the scenario, that person is paying you a huge compliment, right? They’re basically saying, “Hey, out of the infinite number of things I could do with my time, what I’d like to do is spend some time with you, ’cause I think there’s something special about you, and I’d like to get to know you better and see if there’s a connection there.” That’s a very nice thing for someone to say, I feel like you should respect that a little bit. So, maybe don’t post your dumb photos and stuff up. Like, you wouldn’t treat people that way 20, 30 years ago. Twenty, 30 years ago, if someone asked you out and you weren’t interested, you wouldn’t send a package to their house, “Here’s some photos of me and my friends at the beach. Here’s a photo of a puppy I saw on the street. Here’s a bunch of photos of me and some other guy. Am I fucking him? Maybe. Why don’t you think about that for a few hours?” So, that’s it, man. Anyone here that’s single, they have some version of that nonsense in their phone, right? Clap if you’re single and you met someone in the past few days, past week or so, and you’ve been texting back and forth. Clap if that’s your situation. Clap right now. Okay… If you’re in that situation, do me a favor right now. Pull out your phone and scroll to the very, very first message that you have with this person. And when you get to the very, very, very first message, come on to the front stage over here through this aisle here. So, go ahead, pull out your phone, scroll to the very first message, when you get to the first message, come to the front, right here, in front of this gentleman here. Miss, you at the top message? Yeah? All right, so how long ago did you meet this person? Uh, September 2nd. September 2nd. Okay, so let’s see what happened, okay? So… he sends the first message. He sends it Tuesday, September 2nd at 11:26 p.m. Odd time to send a first message. He says, “Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot, it’s Chris.” He said his last name, but I don’t wanna repeat it in case he gets murdered. “Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot.” I like that, “dot-dot-dot.” “Hey, Ashley…” “It’s Chris. It was nice to hang– It was–” It started so smooth. “Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot, it’s Chris.” And then he goes, “It was nice to hanging with you…” Chris, no! Proofread! “It was nice to–” His voice changes for the rest of the bit now, after that. Earlier, it was, “Hey, Ashley, it’s Chris.” Now it’s, “Hey, Ashley, it’s Chris. It was nice to hanging with you at BM. Hope you’re recovering well. Let’s grab a coffee sometime.” And then, you send a text back the next day at 1:05 p.m. You say, “Hey, exclamation. Glad you made it out alive. Headed to Soho House with Erica now. I’m also around after 6:00 tomorrow or in the afternoon Friday.” Whoa! You must really like this guy! Who the fuck… Who the fuck opens up their schedule that much? If the Dalai Lama was like, “I really wanna get tea with you sometime, Aziz,” I’d be like, “Uh, let’s just check in next week, Dalai Lama.” And so, then he sends a message Thursday at 11:55 a.m. and he goes, “I thought I’d see you at Marquee last night.” And then, he tries to send… Sorry, all these places sound kind of douche-y. I’m really sorry. No judgments here, but… It’s not like, “I thought I’d see you at that MoMA exhibit.” It’s like, “Why weren’t you at the club? There was a foam party!” And then… you guys text back and forth, you get the coffee. Did you guys get the coffee? – Uh, yeah. – And how was the coffee? – Did you have fun? – It was okay. Yeah? It was okay? All right, so let’s see where things are right now, okay? Yesterday, 9:44 p.m. “So, what did we miss at Marquee last night?” God damn it, Ashley, go to some better places. Quit wasting your life in these shitty clubs. No, no, no, it’s fine. And then he says, “Is that what you’re up to tonight?” And then you say, “I’m on my way to the Aziz show at MSG.” And he goes, “Oh, okay, dot-dot-dot. Enjoy.” Ashley, I think I speak for everyone here when I say, “Fuck this guy.” Thank you very much for sharing that with us, Ashley. So, that’s it, man. That’s what everyone has to deal with now. When they meet someone, they have to engage in that kind of stuff. And I was in that world for a long time. And it can be fun, but it can get frustrating. And now I’m in a different world, now I’m in a relationship, and the rela– Don’t do that shit. Don’t clap. That is so rude to all the single people here. I used to do stand-up where I said I was single, no one ever clapped, no one said shit. No one was like, “Get it, Aziz! Fuck everybody! Now is your time!” Both things are very fun. It’s fun being single, it’s fun being in a relationship. They’re both fun, all right? But I’m in the relationship right now and the relationship’s going great. But it’s also fairly new, it’s about a year and a few months. I feel like whenever you talk to people in longer relationships, they’re always like, “Oh, my God. Those first few years are such a magical time. You have to enjoy that, it’s so amazing.” And it’s weird being in the magical zone, and knowing that the magic is gonna change soon. You know what I mean? Like, right now, things are crazy. Like, right now, um, you know, last time I was in New York, there was a bad snowstorm, and I stepped in this huge puddle of sludge and my foot got soaked. And the first thing I did was I sent her a text. I said, “You know how you feel days like today, when you step in a puddle of sludge and your foot gets soaked? Every second with you, it feels like the pure opposite of that.” Aw! And yes, that’s a little cheesy or whatever, but I’m just sharing that so you know, that’s where my heart is, right? But what’s weird is knowing that that text will eventually change, right? Like, people in long relationships, doesn’t that text eventually change? Doesn’t that text eventually become like, “Fuck! I stepped in some sludge. Do we have to get dinner with your friends? Can you tell them I died in a hovercraft accident? I never wanna see ’em again. Why do we always hang out with my friends? ‘Cause they’re better people!” But I hope we’re able to maintain some version of that love as things go on, ’cause it’s an amazing thing. It’s so beautiful to get messages like that. She sent me a message one time, she said, “You feel like home to me. Even if we’re in a hotel or something, I feel like I’m home, ’cause I’m with you. And when I wake up and I see your face, I remember that I’m home. That’s one of the reasons I love you so much.” She sent me that when I went away for five minutes to take a shit. You realize how awesome it is to be shitting and to read a message like that? It was like waste was leaving my body and love was coming in. It was… an amazing feeling. Did you guys know there’s actually two different types of love? There is, it’s true. There’s two different types of love. There’s passionate love and companion love. Passionate love is like the crazy love you feel when you first meet someone and you’re going crazy, you’re just like, “Ahh!” But that eventually calms down into something different called companion love, which is not worse, it’s just different, less intense. And, you know, it’s kind of a bummer, but I get it. I understand why we have the two different types of love. You couldn’t just have the crazy love your whole life, ’cause then society wouldn’t function, right? We’d all just be in our homes, just staring at each other like… And the streets would just be filled with homeless children eating garbage, riding large animals. I get it. So that’s why we have two different types of love. But when I first heard about that, I was like, “Wouldn’t it be interesting to just have the crazy stuff for a while? What would that be like?” Maybe, instead of having one long relationship, you have a bunch of shorter relationships. Your graph of love and happiness is just like, boom, boom, boom! But, you know, I don’t think you can do that graph. I’ve tried to do that graph, I’ve seen friends try to do that graph. And, yes, it can be a lot of fun for a while, but eventually that graph gets weird. You know, eventually that graph becomes something like this. You know, it’s like, “Oh, shit! Me and the boys, we’re going out tonight. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. Oh, my God, there’s so many hot girls here. Yeah, this one girl is really into me. Yeah, we’re going home together. Yeah, we’re having sex. Yeah, I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I’m coming! I came! This feels empty, this feels empty, this feels empty. I gotta get out of here! I gotta get out of here! This feels empty, this feels empty, this feels empty. Okay, okay, okay! I got out of there. I got out of there. I just got some brunch. I just got some brunch. I’m drinking some water, I’m drinking some coconut water. I’m getting hydrated. That’s right, I’m getting hydrated. I’m ready to run it back! That’s right! Night two, me and the boys, we’re going out tonight! This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be crazy. This bar’s gonna be– Okay, no one’s really out tonight. Okay, so, uh… More of a low-key type situation. Okay, me and the boys will just get drunk by ourselves. No shame there. Okay, it’s getting little bit weird, uh… We’ll just get some tacos. Tacos are delicious.” You wake up the next morning, “Oh, my God! Why did I eat three quesadillas then a bowl of cereal? That was really unnecessary. Okay, well… I’m just gonna go back to bed. I feel like garbage, and uh… God, you know, this is fun, hooking up with these hot girls or whatever, but frankly, I wish… I just had someone I really cared about, that I could hold. But I don’t have that person, so… I’m just gonna jerk off and go to bed.” So now, I’m trying the relationship graph. But the relationship graph is fucked up too. Like, if you take the traditional definition of a successful relationship, and you put it in that graph, that graph is fucked up too. This is that graph, okay? You meet the person… “Oh, my God, all these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these– Okay. Some of the experiences are getting repetitive. Some of the experiences are getting repetitive. But you know what? I love this person so much. We’re getting married! Yeah! We’re getting married! Oh, my God, we have a wedding! All our friends came! This is so fun! I can’t believe it! I’m a husband. I have a wife. Oh, my God, this is the great– Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, this is so hard! Oh, my God, this is the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Okay, okay, okay! The kid’s walking around and talking and saying stuff. This is amazing. I’ve never felt so proud of anything in my entire life. Oh, my God, we just had another kid! Oh, my God, we just had another kid! Why did we stop using the birth control? That was so stupid! And why did we think it would be easier the second time around? This is not analogous at all! There is now two goddamn people at the same goddamn time! It’s so much harder! We gotta– Oh, my God, we gotta pay for all the stuff! How does anyone afford children? We gotta get them into a good kindergarten. What the fuck’s a good kindergarten? They just sing songs! Who is fucking that up? Okay, okay, okay, okay, we got them into the good kindergarten. We got them into the good kindergarten. We got them in. Now they’re in elementary school. They’re drawing pictures and stuff, this is pretty cool. Okay, now they’re in adolescence. Oh, these kids are fucking pricks! I fucking hate these kids! I want them to die! I want them to die! I want my whole family to die! I don’t really want them to die. I just wanna feel what it would feel like to murder every single person I live with. Okay, I can’t do that. I can’t do that. Okay, now they’re in high school. They’re in high school now. This is good, they’re in high school, a little bit older. I can hang out with them. Oh, God. One of the kids might be having sex. Yeah, he might be doing drugs. I gotta put spyware on his phone to make sure he’s not messing around. This is my life now. I gotta read this mess whenever I get home from work. ‘Hey, what’s going on?’ ‘Nothing. You wanna come hang out later?’ ‘Maybe.’ ‘All right.’ ‘Well–‘ Will you fucking buy some weed already so I can justify this use of my time? Okay, okay! One of the kids is going to college. He’s gone, he’s gone. Oh, shit, the other kid’s gone. They’re both gone. It’s just us in the house together again. We’re spending time together again. We’ve refound our passionate love! Finally, we can travel the world! I’m too tired to travel the world. Let’s just take it easy. Let’s just take it easy. Let’s just take it easy in the house. It’s fine. We got the house to ourselves. This is good. You know, it’s okay. It’s kind of boring, but it’s good. We don’t have to work and stuff. It’s okay. It’s fine, the kids come to visit every now and then, it’s okay. Okay. Oh, God. Oh, God, my wife is sick. Oh, no, my wife’s sick. Oh, no, my wife just passed. Oh, God, I’m all by myself. I’m so alone. Oh, God, I’m sick now too. I’m sick now too. I can’t even walk. I can’t even walk. I’ve walked my entire life, and now I can’t even walk. But now I get to get one of those Rascal scooters! I’m gonna drive that motherfucker everywhere!” New York, thank you so much! Thank you again for coming out, I really do appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. You guys can sit down. Thank you so much. Um, serious question here. Has anyone here ever seen a ghost? I love ghost stories. Someone once told me and my girlfriend this really scary ghost story about a little boy. And it was so scary, and she gets really scared of ghosts. So, I started doing this thing where every now and then we’re asleep, I’ll just wake her up in the middle of the night and I’ll just be like, “Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, boo… what’s that little boy doing over there?” And she hates it! And I love it! And I do it all the time. What I’d really like to do, though, one day, is… And this is like something… I don’t know if it might be too messed up to do, but, um… She’s, like, the nicest, sweetest person. Anytime I need a drink in the middle of the night, she’s always like, “Oh, I’ll go down and get it.” I’m always like, “No, no, it’s fine. I’ll get it.” But what if, one night, I was like, “Yeah, can you go down and get it?” And then she goes downstairs, and there, unbeknownst to her… I’ve hired a little boy. And he’s wearing, like, old-timey clothes. And as soon as she gets downstairs, he’s just like, “Mommy, where have you been?” I wanna do it so bad! But I can’t. I’ve thought it through, there’s three reasons why I can’t do it. One, I would never wanna scare anyone that bad, right? That’s a terrifying thing. Two, if I did pull it off, I’d live in eternal fear over what the fuck she was gonna do to get back at me. ‘Cause I’m pretty sure she’s not gonna let that one slide. And three, this is probably the biggest reason not to do it, she would murder the little boy. Like, the little boy’s dead. So, I don’t think I can do it. I’m a good boyfriend, though. She’s never really been upset with me about anything, that I can think of. The only time I remember she was kind of mad was once, when I was flying from New York to New Zealand. I was gonna be gone for a while to go to a wedding. I was calling her when I was on the plane to talk to her before we took off, and I got her voicemail, so I texted her. I was, like, “Hey, it’s me. Just wanted to talk before the flight took off.” And she texts me back and says, “I called you four hours ago.” And I could tell she was upset, ’cause she also included the emoji of the Indian guy with the gun beside his head. This tipped me off. So I called her back and I was like, “What’s up with that? Why you gotta say that? What did I do?” She’s like, “I called you four hours ago.” I was like, “I know. I was busy packing and everything. I knew I’d have time to call you when I got on the plane. That’s why I waited.” She’s like, “Oh, you were busy? You were busy. Well, I looked on your friend’s Instagram and he posted a photo of you hanging out by the pool, snapping Polaroids. So, I feel like, if you have time to hang out by the pool and play with your Polaroid camera, I think you have time to call me back.” And I was like, “Okay, I’m sorry.” Cut to a week later. It’s Valentine’s Day, I’ve done all this romantic stuff, and it’s time for us to exchange gifts. I have her gift, it’s all wrapped up, and I’m just like, uh… “So, hey, remember, like, a week ago, you were upset that… I didn’t call you back and I was hanging out by the pool, playing with a Polaroid camera? Well, the reason I was doing that is, I bought you this nice vintage Polaroid camera and I just wanted to make sure it worked before I gave it to you. So, here’s your gift.” Fuck you! And she felt horrible, which is the greatest Valentine’s Day gift I’ve ever received. New York, thank you again! This was awesome. Thank you guys again so much for coming out. Thank you very, very much. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. This was fucking awesome. Thanks. Good night. These are my parents. Thank you again. Good night."

I hate those phone calls. I also hate those emails. Your friends send in those emails. They’ll attach a photo of the baby. They’ll write something cute to welcome the baby. “Hey, everyone! Welcome Lindsay to the Universe!” I always just write back, “Unsubscribe.” Yes, I don’t recall signing up for this mailing list. Please remove me from all future updates. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to throw your baby in my trash.nAnd now everyone has video cameras on their phones and everything so you can get videos of the babies. Every single video I’ve gotten is exactly the same though. Kid shows up on the screen. End of clip. That’s the amazing footage they needed to share with everyone. “Brian’s first steps!” Look, I walk all the time. I’m not impressed. I’m gonna start sending my own clips back. “Look at this shit. “Brian has nothin’ on this! He has no swagger in his step. He almost fell down after three steps.” Meanwhile, I’m running advanced shit. I can high-step. I can run if I want to. I can even tip-toe behind Brian, push him on the ground and then step on him with my next step. So, that’s how advanced my shit is. Some of these people aren’t ready to have kids, either. You know, you ever have friends like that? They’re about to have kids. You’re like, “What?! No! They’re dumb. Why? I got a friend. He got married recently. He’s kind of a goofball. I asked him, I said, “Hey, you’re not gonna have kids, are you?” He’s like, “Maybe next year.” I was like, “Dude, “you still have a chain wallet. “You can’t have a chain wallet and a kid at the same time. “Ah, if your wallet is causing you so much problem you have to chain it to your person… you’re not ready to bring life into the world. If you go to like, pay for the baby with a chain wallet, they should like, Oh, no, no, no. we got to put this one back– Whoop!” I’m not ready for that kind of responsibility. If someone came up to me with a baby like, “Hey, you got to look out for this baby.” I be like, “Sorry, I got my own things going on right now. I don’t have time to look out for this little, brown baby.” In this scenario, I’m assuming it’s a little Indian baby. If it was a white baby I’d be like, Get that thing away from me. It’s disgusting!” White babies are gross, man! I’m sorry! They’re like regular babies that aren’t ripe yet. And look, I’m 30 years-old. That’s a totally reasonable age to have a kid, but to me it’s still terrifying, you know. They have that show 16 and Pregnant. They’re should be a show called 25 and Pregnant. I’d be like, “Oh, no, those poor kids! “They have their whole lives ahead of them. It’s a shame things turned out that way. What happened?” “Me and my husband decided to start a family.” “Bbp! Irresponsible decisions.” That show is the most depressing television show I’ve ever seen. ‘Cause You know, any other reality show where there’s like a big fat guy or something and at the end of the episode he’s eating right, he’s exercising. You’re like, “All right, things are gonna get better. “Yeah, things are gonna get better. Good job TV show. Things are gonna get better.” 16 and Pregnant and you’re like, “Whoa, that’s never getting better.” The only good thing that happened this week was the guy almost got a job at Arby’s… and the girl won a fistfight with her mom. This is brutal. And they don’t do anything nice for the kids at the end of the show. There’s no money. There’s no new house. Come on, do something for those kids. Like maybe at the end of each episode Xzibit could show up. And the kids would be like, “Oh, my God. “Xzibit, are you here to pimp our rides?” And he’d be like, “No, I’m gonna raise your baby as my own! You’re free to go back as being teenagers!” And they’d be like, “Thank you, Xzibit. Thank you so much for our lives!” Then Xzibit would take the baby and put it on a bus with all the other babies he’s collected, and then you do a second show about Xzibit trying to raise 30 babies by himself. I, I do find the 16 and Pregnant show kinda mean-spirited. You know, ’cause you got a camera crew there, like, “All right, you don’t have any money. “No one’s helping you raise your children. “All hope is lost… And, cut! “Good luck with everything. We got to go. “Let’s go! Sorry. “There’s this other 16-year-old girl “that lives down the street “that had all the advantages in life. “She’s about to have an amazing birthday party. “We’ve got to film that for a second show called Super Sweet 16. It’s a shame you guys can’t switch places for a week ’cause her shit is sweet.” Ugh, I hate the girls on Super Sweet 16. Whenever I watch that show I’m like, “Ugh, could someone impregnate this girl and ruin her life please?” What an awful person. That’d actually be a better show. If they just did horrible stuff to that girl for a week. “Meet Amanda. She’s 16 and horrible. “So we cut the brakes in her car. “We put a bunch of holes in her condoms. Let’s see what happens this week.” Do those girls not watch the other show? Do they not realize how fortunate they are? They’re sit there complaining about the dumbest stuff just like, “But, but, but, it’s not the right car. It’s not the car I wanted.” They just moved into a car on the other show. Three people are living in a ’89 Honda Civic Coupe. There’s more people than doors. “But the lights aren’t right.” Their kid isn’t right. Their kid has a tooth coming out of his nose, and they can’t pay for a dentist with a tooth in his mouth. The kid’s gonna have to brush his nose for the rest of his life. “But, but, but the balloons aren’t the right color.” Their kid isn’t the right color. They had the wrong father. That’s how crazy shit’s getting over there! It’s a perspective. Do any of you guys have kids? A round of applause if you got kids somewhere? Wow Aren’t you scared your kid’s getting kidnapped right now? I mean, it’s like eleven O’clock on a Wednesday. Where is your kid?! Seriously. Where is the kid? Who’s watching the kid? Some dumb 15-year-old that lives down the street that’s probably just giving a hand job to some other 15-year-old idiot. Seriously, get out of here! Go! Leave! Leave! Go! You’re sitting there, “Ah, ha, ha, ha!” “Your kid’s in handcuffs!” Probably not. Maybe, but probably not. Look, I’m just saying. I would be worried constantly if I had a kid.nI think about how much my mom let me run around when I was a kid. Ten years-old running around by myself… going to the mall, to the video arcade, to the toy store. Crazy. I should’ve been getting molested all the time. Like, I don’t know how it never happened. Not even once. Not even once. Keep in mind I was the cutest kid of all time. Like, take the most adorable little, brown puppy you can imagine, turn that into a person. That was me as a kid. I mean, who wouldn’t be trying to fuck that? Just an unbelievable level of cuteness. My theory is that I was so cute as a kid that it intimidated child molesters. Like for child molesters, I was kind of like the hot girl at the bar. They’re like, “Oh, my God, Aziz is here! Aziz is here! Aziz is here!” Okay, you can do this. You can do this. Just be yourself. Just be yourself. Confidence. Kids like confidence. Let’s do this. “Hi, Aziz!” “Hi.” That’s a, that’s a cool uh… Ha, ha, that’s a cool uh– That’s a great… All right, well, see you later. Ah! You’re so stupid! You didn’t even say anything! Who am I kidding anyway? This is Aziz we’re talking about. He could fuck any grown man he wants. You know what’s weird? As I can tell, you guys feel sad for the child molester in that joke. I could see it in your faces. You’re saying, “Ah, he’s not gonna get to fuck little Aziz. He seemed so nice.”nYou know what’s strange? At some point in your life you actually got to sit down and make sure you weren’t molested. ‘Cause it could be buried. That’s the thing. So at some point you actually got to sit down and think really hard. It’s like… “No, I wasn’t. My childhood was cool. I was mostly just playing with trucks.” ‘Cause it can be buried. If my stuff is buried, I want it to stay buried. I don’t want to wake up when I’m 43 and be like, “Oh, shit! I fucked my T-ball coach. Totally forgot about that– Buried.” You read these news stories. Man, there’s some sick people out there. You read these news stories. Some sick people. You read news stories like, like, “Oh, the soccer coach has molested the kids for years.” For years? Why do the kids keep going back to the same soccer camp? The only reason I ask that is ’cause I quit soccer ’cause another kid pushed me down on the ground. If I was forced to perform oral sex, I definitely would’ve been done. That would’ve been it for soccer. There’s no way I would’ve went back. That would’ve been a firm deal breaker… guitar lessons would’ve started next Tuesday. So… Wh-what, is my mom gonna get mad at me, “Hey, Aziz, you got to go to soccer practice.” “I’m not going.” “Really, young man? Why aren’t you going to soccer practice?” “Um, the coach is making all the kids suck his dick! “Is that enough reason for me not to go? “Is that enough reason? Oh, am I grounded now? “And no video games? I’ll take that over “an old man jizzing on my belly, “thank you very much. “So send me to my fucking room. I’ll be there not sucking some old man’s jig!” “Knock on my door when those cupcakes are ready.” You know what’s crazy is there must be kids that talk like that now. You know what I mean? ‘Cause kids aren’t innocent anymore. They know everything. In your head you imagine a kid being like, “Something bad happened.” Kids are like, “A cock was in my mouth, Mom! “Thanks for signing me up for golf! “It really got me out of the house! It also got a penis near my face! So thanks!” If there’s anyone here from the paper, feel free to quote that bit in your article. It’s a scary time to be a kid, man. I just saw this documentary about bullying. And I know you’re always hearing that. Oh, really, kids getting bullied in school, “that’s what they’re making a big deal about now?” That’s kinda what I thought going in, then I saw the documentary. First scene, kid is sitting on a bus, he looks at this other kid and goes, “Hey, how’s it going?” The kid goes, “I hate you. “I’m gonna murder you and cut your face off. “I’m gonna put it on my face “and then look in the mirror and make fun of myself. That’s how much I hate you.” So I saw that and I thought, All right, yep. This is a problem. Wow, that was terrifying! God damn, that’s not bullying and teasing, that’s some demented shit to say to another person. Bullying and teasing was the nonsense I did when I was a kid. “Hey, you’re fat.” “Hey, you’re brown.” “Shut up, you bozo!” “Get out of here, you dingdong.” That’s fine. Do that all day, no one’s gonna get hurt. I would’ve never went up to some fat kid and been like, “I hate you. “I’m gonna murder you and cut your fat off… “then use it to make a fat suit and then dress up “as a fat housekeeper ala Mrs. Doubtfire. And then I’m gonna start working for your family.”nNo. That was a psycho zone everyone agreed not to go into. And it’s so hard to see this documentary because nothing happens to the bully kids. They’re beating the crap out of the kid, saying this awful stuff, nothing happens. That wouldn’t fly in the adult world. That wouldn’t be tolerated in any workplace or anything like that. Like, that wouldn’t fly in Ikea. Like if you worked at Ikea and you went up to some other employ like, “I’m gonna murder you, you fucking dork!” They be like, “All right Phil, you can’t sell lamps anymore. Now get out! You’re done! Get out!” “But look at him. He’s a nerd!” “You’re a psychopath! Get your meatball severance package and leave!”nI felt so bad for the kids, man. They would try to tell the teachers. Teacher wouldn’t do anything. Kid goes up to the teacher and says, “Uh, he says he’s gonna cut my arms off and glue ’em on my butt so I can look like a minotaur.” Teacher is like, “Ah, well, maybe he won’t do it. See ya later.”nDo something, man. I remember one time when I was a kid and someone actually physically hit me when I was growing up in South Carolina. I’ll never forget what happened. Kid hits me. I go tell the teacher right way. Teacher goes over to the kid immediately and just goes, “If you touch him again I will end you.” And that was it. Bullying done. No one’s ever bothered me again in my life. She scared everyone on earth. ‘Cause that’s how the bullying should be handled. ‘Cause that kid was like, “All right, well, “I don’t want to be ended, whatever the fuck that means! I’ll leave him alone.” Having a kid is a crazy gamble. No one ever talks about it in terms of being a gamble, but it is. Think about what position in life you’re in when you decide to have a kid. It’s usually a very safe position. You know, you’re married, you found a mate. That’s huge. You usually have a job and a home. That’s very difficult to lock down. It’s like you finally put together this very large complicated puzzle and then you’re just like, “Fuck this puzzle! Let’s have a kid!” And then the kid just shits all over the puzzle. The puzzle is ruined. You’re never putting it back together again. It’s destroyed. And now you have this kid. And here’s the gamble– here’s the scary part. You can do everything right, you can read all the books, and you could still have a total piece of shit kid. You could have the worst kid. You could have one of the bully kids. That could be your kid. You don’t know. You could have a total piece of shit. Teacher’s like, “Ah, your son…” “Yeah, I know. He’s shitty, okay? “I hang out with him all the time. “He’s the worst. What do you want me to do, huh? “I have to feed and shelter him “or I get thrown in jail for some reason. “Ooh, I’m sorry he’s ruining your mornings. “Guess who hangs out with him on afternoons and weekends? Me. So how about a little sympathy for me.” “Well, sir, have you thought about–” “No! There’s nothing to think about. “There’s nothing to do, okay? It’s not his diet. “He doesn’t have too much glutin. “He’s just shitty, okay?! Some people are nice. Some people are shitty. “My kid is shitty, all right? I’ve accepted it, all right? “I made a mistake, okay? “I gave up my best years raising this monster! “I could’ve started a band! I play bass! “But no, I didn’t do that. Instead I have this thing. “Ooh, something that looks like me and my wife put together. “Uh, great. Eat your vegetables. “Can I throw a baseball at your face and you catch it half the time? Fuck me!” Now, I’m not saying I don’t like kids. I like kids. I have fun hanging out with my friends kids, and joking around with them– whatever. They’re great. But I do feel like when I talk to my friends that recently had kids, it does seem they had to give up everything for the kid, and that’s very scary. You want to have a very depressing conversation? Talk to a couple that just had a kid. Ask them about the last night they went out for themselves. They will describe the most boring typical mundane evening out with the same enthusiasm a normal person will describe a three-way sexual experience. I’ll show you what I mean. Over here, a guy describing a three-way sexual experience, over here, a couple that just had a kid. “So we go back to my house, “I got these two really hot girls. “So we go to the mall I got two tickets to Rango“… I know what you’re thinking. Aziz, shouldn’t you update that to a more recent film? No. These people go to movies that are as old as shit. They’ve been trying to see Rango for a couple of years now. Next thing you know, they’re taking their clothes off. Next thing you know, we’re eating nachos. Skin is everywhere. Cheese is everywhere. Cheese is everywhere. These girls were freaks… Into freaky things such as cheese. Let me get a sense of you guys as an audience. Clap if you’re married right now. Clap if you’re married. You guys here in the front. How long did you guys know each other before you got married? Five years? That’s always an interesting figure to me how long people knew each other before they got married. Clap if you knew your person five years or less. Okay. Clap if it was three years or less. All right. Clap if it was two years or less. We’re all laughing ’cause you’ll probably get divorced. That was a crazy idea. Why’d you do that?! You didn’t need to do that. You could’ve just kept dating her. Wh– Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? What happened? Did you lose a bet or something? Look, of course, I could be totally wrong. You guys could be soul mates. I don’t know. But to me two years doesn’t seem like enough time to get to know someone to know you want to spend the rest of your life with them. Two years? Two years? I’ve had sweaters for two years. You be like, “What the fuck am I doing with this sweater?” “Bbp, so stupid looking. “I can’t believe I ever thought about keeping that sweater for the rest of my life.” That’s a sweater. Another thing people do that scares me, they’ll marry their high school sweetheart. That’s strange to me. To meet someone when you’re like 16 years-old and just go, “All right, I’m done.” Well, I don’t think I’m gonna run into anyone interesting in my 20s or 30s. I’m just gonna lock this shit down now… for no reason at all. Think about all the dumb things you believed when you were that age. Think about all the stupid decisions you made. Imagine being stuck with any of those decisions for the rest of your life. Even just little things. All right, well, I guess I got this Bob Marley poster over my bed for the rest of my life. It’s cool though because I took a bunch of little photos of Bob Marley and I put it together to look like a big photo of Bob Marley. It’s a mosaic.nI just don’t think you have any idea what your adult life is gonna be like when you’re 16 years-old. You realize how awful my life would be if it turned out the way that I thought it was going to when I was 16 years-old? You know what my big plan was? I was gonna go to college and major in Business and Biology. That was the plan. First I hit you with the business and you think it’s all done. And then I come back– Boosh!– Hit you with the Biology. What was I gonna do with this stupid double major?! Sell organs on the black market very efficiently? I have friends from college. They’re starting to get married. I went to one of the weddings and I asked the groom, I said, “Hey, why did you decide to get married?” He goes, “Well, I don’t know. We’ve been dating a few years now.” Wow! That’s a terrible way to answer that question! Especially with that tone and cadence. Well, I don’t know. That’s not the appropriate tone and cadence to answer that question. That’s the appropriate tone and cadence if someone’s like, “Hey, why’d you buy a FIJI water?” “Well, I don’t know. The bottle looked kinda cool.” Perfect. That’s a fantastic moment to use that tone and cadence. So well done…nThat’s also not a reason to get married, you know. “We’ve been dating a few years now.” I’ve been eating at the same taco stand for a few years now. I’m not gonna commit to that taco stand for the rest of my life. Everything’s following my current relationship with a taco stand. Now if the taco stand were to move into my apartment with me I might be up for that, ’cause then I’d have delicious tacos whenever I wanted but, the economics of taco stands wouldn’t allow such a thing. I know what you’re thinking. Wow, Aziz just compared women to tacos. He must not think that highly of women. No, I just think that highly of tacos. One thing I love about marriage though is the proposal. I think that is so sweet. Here’s this moment where you know you’re gonna change the life of yourself and this person you love forever and you can plan it out and you can make it the most beautiful amazing perfect moment. You don’t get to do that with most big moments in your life, but with the proposal you can. So, sir, five years guy, what did you do to make it the most beautiful amazing perfect special moment ever? Set the scene, okay? What city are we in? We’re in Philadelphia. Don’t feel like traveling too far. Let’s just do this shit in Philly. Okay, so we’re in Philadelphia. Where are we at in Philadelphia? At a five star restaurant– Don’t worry, not a three star– a five star. I like how you– You couldn’t wait to say “five star.” You’re like, “Five star restaurant!” We’re at a five star restaurant…Okay. And so, you’re at the five star restaurant and, you know, it’s dinner I imagine? “It was lunch”! Oh, shit! I should’nt have assumed! This is the shit you leave out. “Five star”… Maybe the lunch prix fixe won’t be a big deal. I mean, it’s the same food! They serve the dinner menu at lunch, guys! So lunch at the five star restaurant. I mean, at this point you got to wonder, Lunch at a five star restaurant. Dinner at a four star restaurant… I feel like, I feel like lunch loses a star. There’s no five star lunch restaurants. There’s four star lunch restaurants that operate as five star dinner restaurants. Okay, okay, we’re at lunch, five star restaurant… and what period of the meal do you decide to ask? ‘Cause that’s very difficult, you know? You can’t ask like, you know, before you order ’cause it’s like… What, he asked before you ordered?! What the hell? Isn’t that kind of a scary idea?! What do you want to have, the most awkward lunch of all time?! “No? Well, you want to split some jalapeno poppers? So you ask before you even order? Wow! And then, Miss, did you– what happened? Did you immediately say “yes”? What was the situation? You didn’t say anything?! Well, that’s even like more morbid than saying “no.” “Do you want to marry me?” All these people are looking at me, bitch. Say something. You didn’t say anything? Were you thinking about? Were you taken aback? What happened? You wanted to eat?! You wanted to eat? And were you down on one knee? You were down on one knee and you’re just waiting. And what’s going on through your head? “The breadsticks were coming out.” Hold up! What five star restaurant drops breadsticks on the table? Sir… I’m gonna ask you something… and I need you to be very honest with me right now. This restaurant… when it comes to their breadstick policy… does the word “unlimited” come to mind? I don’t even know what is happening. I have done this, I have done this in every city on my tour… this is the most bizarre shit ever. Did you see this coming at all? Did you know this was coming? Come on. Come on, now. Come on. It’s lunchtime… The waiter has dropped the breadsticks… We’ve all read this book. We know how this story goes. Now I’ve talked to people all over the country about their proposal stories, and you know what I learned? I learned that ultimately it doesn’t matter what you do for your proposals. Some people go and do this big grand gesture. Some people do simple, sweet things. Ultimately, what’s really beautiful is that you found someone to say “yes” to this totally insane thing you just asked them. It’s the most insane thing you could ever ask another person to do. It really is. It doesn’t seem as insane as it is ’cause we’re all familiar with marriage as an institution.nBut imagine if marriage didn’t exist and you’re a guy and you asked a woman to get married. Imagine what that conversation will be like. You be like uh, “Hey, so, you know, “we’ve been hanging out together, “spending a lot of time together…” “Yeah, yeah, I know.” “I wanna keep doing that ’til you’re dead.” “W-w-what?” “I wanna keep hanging out with you ’til one of us dies. “Put this ring on your finger so people know we have an arrangement.” “W-what, w-what– Who’s that guy?” “It’s a priest. I want you to swear to God you won’t back out of this deal.” “W-w-what’s he wheeling in?” “It’s a cake with two tiny dolls that look like us. “Eat a slice! Now feed a little bit to me!” “This is really strange. Why are we doing this?” “Tax purposes.” That’s pretty much what you’re asking. This is another thing that baffles me about people being opposed to gay marriage, you know. Here these people, they found someone to say “yes” to this totally insane thing and then some other person’s gonna be like, “No, it’s weird. I just– I just– I just think it’s weird.” It’s pretty much the only argument at this point really. I don’t see how you can really be opposed to gay marriage at this point. Like you know you’re on the losing side. There’s no way it’s not gonna go through. All the demographics that are really opposed to gay marriage. They’re all gonna be dead soon. Like, whenever they ask young people, young people are like, “What, what are you talking about? “All music is free right now. “What the fuck are you talking about? “Oh, two dudes are kissing? I’m about to watch every movie ever right now.” They don’t care at all. But seriously, how do you not know you’re on the losing team at this point? These are the same people that were opposed to like uh, women voting or black dudes playing baseball. What was the last thing they were opposed to? Interracial relationships. If you’re opposed to interracial relationships, guess what? I’m fucking white girls. There’s nothing you can do about it. Any time I have sex with a white girl, I think about those people for a few pumps and it’s such a great feeling. Just like– It’s just not right! Well, it’s in there so I don’t know what you’re gonna do about it. Seriously, all of you here, next time you have sex with someone of a different race, think about those people for a minute– you really should do this. It’s very important. It’s your duty as an American, and I promise you, nothing feels better than orgasming while thinking about all the progress we’ve made in civil rights in this country. I still can’t believe it’s an issue. It just baffles my mind. That whole Chick-fil-A situation… Whew! That was quite a conundrum for me. ‘Cause, you know, obviously I’m very pro-gay marriage, but, I’m also very pro-delicious chicken sandwich. It’s like, Ughh… What do you do?! I stopped eating Chick-fil-A. I’m never gonna eat Chick-fil-A. I don’t eat it anymore. That is the saddest thing you could ever applaud. “You are so brave, Aziz! “How you find the strength to resist those “delicious chicken sandwiches we will never know. “But you are a man of principle and we applaud you!” I mean, I still eat the nuggets all the time. So it’s not that hard. No, no, I don’t eat the nuggets. I don’t eat the nuggets. I don’t. I don’t. But that was a strange situation, right? I was so jealous of homophobic people. Man, what a delicious way to support your hateful cause. I don’t have opportunities like that in my life. I wish I did. I wish the places that made food that I found so delicious, also took political stands I can get behind. Like my favorite place to get a cheeseburger is Shake Shack. I love Shake Shack. It’s so delicious. You realize how excited I’d be if I went to Shake Shack one day and they’re like, “Hey, just so you know, part of our profits now go towards fucking over people that work at United Airlines customer service.” “What? What? Yes! Yes! H-h-how are you doing this?” “Well, any time you buy a burger, “part of the money goes towards paying people on Craigslist to shit in their cars.” “That’s fantastic! Can I get 75 cheeseburgers, please?” I do want to get married at some point I think. I’m not sure when. I was in India recently and my grandma asked me, she goes, “Uh, Aziz, when are you gonna get married?” I was like, “Egh, I don’t know if you’ll be around.” She’s old! That was a fun trip. Uh, I spent a lot of time with a cousin of mine that lives there. He’s around my age. And it was really fascinating to me the dichotomy of our two lives. My life is totally different ’cause I was born and raised in America and he was born and raised in this poor part of India where my family is originally from. My family’s originally from a poor part of India. They’re not from the part of India ‘study abroad programs’ are based. They’re from like the South Carolina of India. It’s pretty rough. For real. Like the way you take a shower there. It’s not the way you take a shower here. The way you have to take a shower at their house is you fill a bucket with hot water and you take a smaller bucket and you pour the water on. That’s to conserve hot water. And it’s a little strange ’cause, you know, I jerk off in the shower on occasion. If you’re showering with the bucket method, you can’t jerk off in the shower. Uh, that silence is way too terrifying. Even people that jerk off in the shower here, no one turns the shower off and goes in the corner like this– Dat-dat-dat-dat-dat… No, that’s some serial killer shit. “Oh, so sorry, that noise I made, Dat-dat-dat… That’s not the noise it makes when a dude jerks off. Um… If some guy comes up to you and starts jerking off and he goes, Dat-dat-dat… Look out, that’s a robot from the future that’s been sent back in time to jizz in your face. But the thing about being there in India was, you know, I didn’t feel like jerking off… all the time. You know, because there’s was less sexuality there. Women are dressed more conservatively. There’s not like sexy posters and magazine covers everywhere. It’s a way different vibe. I came back to New York after that trip and I was like, “I wanna fuck everything!” There was just so much sex in your face constantly and I never realized just how desensitized I was. You know, I see the most graphic sexual imagery and it goes to my head like it’s nothing. I saw an ad for a gym in New York, this is a real ad for a gym. Okay, it’s an ad for Equinox gym. This guy is laying down on a couch, his clothes are coming off, shirt’s coming off, pants are coming off. There’s a woman straddling him, her clothes are coming off, and it’s just so sexual. Like it honestly looks like this woman was sucking this dude’s dick and someone was like, “Hey.” She’s like, “Huh?” And they took a photo. That’s how sexual it is. And I’m just sitting there looking at this and it’s like, How did this become an ad for a gym? This does not– How? This would not fly in India. They’d be like this, “This has nothing to do with gyms.” Please take this down. This is… This is a bit ludicrous. So how’d it become an ad? I’m not sure. At some point they must’ve had a meeting. They’re like, “All right, well, we need a new Winter campaign. “We need some ideas. Bruce, what do you got?” Here’s what I’m thinking. We have a gentleman on an exercise bike. He’s riding the bike and it says, “Ride Your Way To A Better You.” Hm, Bruce, I like that. I like the tag line. I like the imagery. That’s very nice. I like that a lot. Does anybody else have anything they want to pitch? David, what do you got? I just got a photo of two people fucking and underneath it I wrote “Equinox.” David, that’s fantastic! Let’s put those up all over town. Bruce, pack your shit up and get out of here. You’re done. So, my cousin is there in India. Totally different life, way more conservative lifestyle. I don’t think he’s dating or anything like that. He’ll probably have an arranged marriage. A lot of people in India still have arranged marriages. My dad had an arranged marriage. It was to my mom. That’s how they arranged it. And it’s interesting. Whenever I tell people that they’re always like, “Oh, my God, is everything okay? Do they hate each other? And they only ask that ’cause it’s an arranged marriage… Those questions are totally valid for any marriage. Those people are married– Oh, my God, is everything okay? Do they hate each other? See? It still makes sense. I read a little bit about arranged marriage. I read some research and stuff they’ve done. Very interesting. I found this study they did where they took couples that had arranged marriages and they took couples that had non-arranged marriages and they measured their happiness levels. In the first three to five years non-arranged couples were happier. But when I looked at it 25–30 years down the line, the arranged couples were happier. So, who knows? I don’t know. My parents are just as happy as any old white people I’ve ever run into. But, I don’t think I can do an arranged marriage. I talked to my dad about his experience and, uh, you know, he was like, “Well, uh, I met your mom and a week later we got married.” And I was like, “Whoa! How long did you talk to her for?” He’s like, “Hm…30 minutes.” Thirty minutes? “Like an episode of How I Met Your Mother 30 minutes? That’s how you met my mother?” Thirty minutes isn’t a lot of time, man. Think about all the crazy things you learn about people– weeks, months, years into a relationship. I be like I would get an arranged marriage and three weeks in I’d be like, “What, you don’t watch Game of Thrones? I knew shouldn’t have signed up for this shit. “We should’ve discussed DVR preferences. “What did you erase all my shows for? Celebrity Ghost Stories?”nThat’s a real show, by the way. They asked me to be on Celebrity Ghost Stories, but, uh, I said no, ’cause I haven’t seen any ghosts. I like ghosts though. Whenever you hear about ghosts it’s always the same kind of stories. You know… “Ghost was wearing old timey clothes. “Ghost was turning my lights on and off. “Ghost was turning my faucets on and off. Ghosts, I’m trying to sleep!” It’s like, all right, take it easy. These people died hundreds of years ago. They’ve never seen running water before. They’re blown away. They’re just sittin’ there… Where is the well? How is the water getting here?! All the ghosts come in here look at this. Now it’s dark– Bsch!– Now it’s not– Bsch! They’re not going “Boo”, they’re going, “Oooh, modern advances.” I hope I see a ghost at some point. ‘Cause if I see one, it would be very interesting ’cause I live in a modern building– a newer building– so if I saw a ghost, it would be like a modern ghost. You know, I would just wake up in the middle of the night, there’d be a dude in the corner texting. Boo. Those would be the best ghosts. Those would be the best ghost stories. You come home one day, you turn on your TV, you look on your Netflix. “What, Mad Men Season 5, previously viewed’? “I never watch– “Ghosts! They’re on Season 5!” Those would be the best ghosts. You wake up in the middle of the night, there’s some ghost standing over your bed. “What’s your WiFi password?” That was a long tangent on ghosts. But, I guess ultimately, what scares me about marriage is where do you find this person? You know, a lot of times most successful relationships, uh, people meet through work, school, mutual friends. But what’s most interesting to me is when people just meet in life, just randomly. You know, I have a friend, he got married. I asked him, I was like, “Hey, uh, where’d you meet your wife?” He was like, “I was leaving Bed Bath & Beyond. “I was looking for my car. I drive a gray Prius. “I saw a different gray Prius. I thought it was mine. “I walked up to it. I realized I had the wrong car. “But I bumped into Carol. We started talking. That was that.” That’s unbelievable. Think about all the random factors that had to come together to make this one moment possible– this one moment that changed these two people’s entire lives. First off, this guy has to live in particular town, then he has to get a gray Prius. Then, he has to need to go to Bed Bath & Beyond. Then, he has to go to that particular Bed Bath & Beyond. Then, there has to be another guy who also lives in town, also drives a gray Prius and also needs to go to Bed Bath & Beyond, also goes to that particular Bed Bath & Beyond at around the same time. Then, they have to both park somewhat near each other. My friend had to leave before the other guy leaves. See the wrong Prius, thinks it’s his, walk up to it, then the woman, Carol, needs to be near the wrong gray Prius for a million other random reasons. They bump into each other. They start talking. Their entire lives are changed. That’s the most amazing and terrifying thing about life. It is ’cause the amazing thing is that at any moment any one of us can have that moment that totally changed our lives. You could be leaving the show tonight, bump into someone… It could change your life. You don’t know. That could happen. The terrifying thing is… what if we’re all supposed to be at Bed Bath & Beyond right now? Doesn’t that scare you? I’m so scared of that. What if you’re missing your moment? What if you’re not supposed to be here? What if I’m not supposed to be here? My friend’s entire life changed ’cause he went to Bed Bath & Beyond one afternoon. The most casual of decisions had the most tremendous of consequences. Why did he go to Bed Bath & Beyond that afternoon? Well, his roommate had clogged the toilet and he needed to get some Drano. Few weeks later he’s falling in love with this woman. It’s amazing. It’s all ’cause some other dude ate some bad Chinese food one day. And then years later it gets crazier. Those two people have a kid. They come together and do the most incredible thing two human beings can do. They bring a new life into the universe. It’s all ’cause some other dude took a really huge shit one day. That’s the most amazing story you’ll ever hear in your life. No, don’t look at me like that. That’s the most amazing story. Who’s ever take a huge shit and thought, “I just brought life into the world.” Where do you meet this person? I think it’s very hard to meet someone you really connect with, that you really feel a deep connection with. I think that’s hard. I don’t think those people just come around all the time. I think it’s a very special thing. And I think it’s very hard to find, especially nowadays. I mean, yes, there’s great people around, but, man, there is so much riffraff out there right now. The percentage of riffraff has never been higher. It’s very high. I don’t know. Maybe I’m romanticizing the past, but you think about like older generations, you know, people in their 20s– 60s, whatever. You just imagine a different vibe. You know, imagine men wearing nice suits, women are dressed all nice, everyone’s speaking properly– just a classier vibe. Like if those generations could be a font they would be “Times New Roman.” I look at my generation… We’re fucking Comic Sans. You can’t take us seriously. We’re Comic Sans. People that are single and out there, you know what I’m talking about? You go out with people sometimes and you’re just like, “What, you’re a person?! “Hold up. You’re a person? How? You’re so dumb, “How are you– How do you pay rent? “How do you have a job? How are you paying taxes? How is the world not crumbling around your idiocy?” You meet people so dumb you get scared for their safety. You’re like, “Shit, I’d better walk this person home. They might just walk in the street and get hit by a bus! They can’t even have a conversation. They’re just texting and Instagramming photos of salt shakers. What happened to people?! You meet people so bad sometimes they’re not even Comic Sans. They’re straight-up wing dings. That’s how scary it is. So what do you do? We learn to adapt. We have new things now. We have things like online dating. One in five relationships is formed online now. That’s a true statistic. I have a friend, he met his wife on one of those sites and I asked him, I was like, “So, what’d you search?” ‘Cause that’s weirdly romantic. He types in this phrase, all these algorithms and things come together, this woman’s face comes up, he clicks it… that becomes the woman he spends the rest of his life with. So I asked him, “What’d you search?” And he goes, “Jewish and my zip code.” “What, that’s all you were looking for, “just something Jewish close by?! “You don’t want to drive too far?! “Proximity was a big factor here?! “Jewish and my zip– “I found a Wendy’s that way a few weeks ago! “I typed Wendy’s and my zip code then I got some nuggets, he got a wife the exact same way!”nSome people still don’t want to do online dating. Feel like there’s a stigma to it. That’s strange though. You ask those same people. “Hey, you ever meet people in bars?” I was like, “Yeah, sure. Why not?” Don’t you see? Online dating’s the same thing, it’s just a different interface? In a bar you walk around and you see people’s faces. Online you see those same faces, they’re on a web page. The difference is online dating is like going to a bar and having superpowers. You know what I mean? Online dating is like being able to walk into a bar and just go, “All right, let’s just eliminate all the other dudes.” Um, ooh. Let’s eliminate any women who that are already in relationships. You can do crazy things like that. You can’t do that in the real world. In the real world you can’t walk into a bar and go, “Jewish and my zip code.” You can’t do that.nThe other interesting this is different sites mean different things. You know, match.com. Looking for a relationship, something a little more serious. okcupid. I’m trying to fuck something tonight! eHarmony. I’m gonna die soon. I don’t wanna die alone! How do we do this? I just got a computer two weeks ago. Let’s go! The craziest thing I’ve heard with online dating is I have a friend who’s gay and I asked him, I said, “Hey, you ever do online dating?” He’s like, “Yeah, I use Grinder.” And I said, “What is that?” It’s an iPhone App. He turns it on, all these dudes faces start popping up, I’m like, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who are these guys?” And he goes, “Oh, Grinder uses my GPS to find the closest Grinder users close to me– different circles by their face being what they’re up for. So this guy has a green circle, that means he’s ready to go, and… he’s ten feet away. And then I looked over I was like, “Holy shit, there he is!” It was the same guy. That’s the most unbelievable technology. Straight people are so pathetic. “Can I take you out for a drink sometime or maybe we can get dinner or something? I don’t know.” Gay dudes are like, “I wanna get my dick sucked and there he is…Done.”nThat’s a strange impression of a dude getting his dick sucked. I mean, I never sucked anyone’s dick before, but if I was sucking someone’s dick and I looked up and they’re just like,. I be like, “Hey, man, you wanna be a little more appreciative? I’m sucking your dick, for god-sakes!” I did a show one night and this woman came up to me afterwards and she goes, “Aziz, why don’t they make Grinder for straight people?” And I think they tried, but it failed miserably. ‘Cause I don’t think any woman wants to turn on her phone and be like, “All right, there’s a guy 15 feet away “that wants to have sex with me. Oh, wait. “There’s a guy eight feet away. There’s a guy five feet away– “three feet away… Okay, every guy around me “wants to fuck me. Well, now I don’t feel safe in the world. So I’m gonna delete this.” I really think that might be the most incredible technology that’s come out in my lifetime. For real. I don’t even know how you’d even explain that concept to someone a few generations ago. You show ’em an iPhone they’re like, “Okay, it looks like a mobile telephone device, “you use it to call other people with similar devices– “have telephone conversations. Uh, to be honest, “that part doesn’t work that well. “But, if you’re interested in putting your penis “inside some other man, I can tell you for certain, that dude is down.” I see why people are turning to online dating though. You know, because if you don’t do online dating, what are your other options to meet people outside your existing social circles? Your big options are bars and nightclubs. Are you really gonna meet someone like in a bar? I have friends that go out with girls they meet at bars and they’re like, “The girl wasn’t that great.” Yeah, of course she wasn’t that great. You met her at a bar on a Tuesday at 1:30 a.m. That’s when riffraff is hanging out. You know what girl you’re gonna meet that hour is this, “Wheewwww!” Is that noise as a person. That noise tells you everything you need to know about a certain type of girl ’cause nothing nice, positive or intelligent has ever come after that noise. It’s always stuff like, “Whew! “Let’s drink the rest of the Tequila out of that dumpster! “Whew, give me an Orbits! I just blew a guy “in the changing room at Target and I forgot to get Orbits “which is why I went there in the first place! “Whew, I’m really attracted to that guy “with the backwards baseball hat and the button-down shirt that’s yelling and being aggressive for no apparent reason!” Those guys are the male counterparts to the “Whew” girls. Now, I don’t dislike anyone based on race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, anything of that nature. But, if you’re a white dude in a bar with a backwards baseball hat and a button-down shirt, there’s a pretty good chance I fuckin’ hate you. You know who I’m talking about? They’re not always dressed that way. And of course I’ve met gentlemen dressed that way that are nice, thoughtful people, but I’m talking more about a state of mind–an attitude. I’m talking about the guys when you leave a crowded bar they’ll say something like, “Yo, bro, you were pushin’ on me. You were pushin’ on me. I had a drink in my hand, could’ve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where you’re going. If you were watching where you were going we don’t have a problem. You were pushin’ on me. You were pushin’ on me. I had a drink in my hand, could’ve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where you’re going. If you were watching where you were going we don’t have a problem. You were pushin’ on me. You were pushin’ on me. I had a drink in my hand, could’ve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where you’re going. If you were watching where you were going we don’t have a problem. You were pushin’ on me… I wanna sit all these guys down one day and just go, “No one’s pushin’ on you, okay? This is a crowded place, there’s limited room and people are trying to leave. It’s an accident. No one’s ever left a crowded bar, “Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. “Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. Ha, ha, ha, ha!… “Did you see it? Did you see it? “I was pushin’ on him! I was pushin’ on him! He had a drink in his hand…” No! No one’s ever done that in the history of human interactions. But then that guy wants to fight me now. Really? You got to fight me over this? We’re gonna fight now, really? This is the big battle you’ve been training for with all the weights and protein shakes? This to beat up me? Me? A guy who’s built the same size as a starting forward for a JV girls basketball team? Don’t you have some Asian symbol tattooed on your arm you can look at that’ll calm you down for a few minutes? “Respect Thyself and Environment.” Sorry about that. I forgot for a minute.nAgain, you never see those guys saying anything nice, positive or intelligent. You never see them in a bar slamming a shot down. All right! Let’s be really quiet and respect everyone else’s space. You never seen them slam a shot down—- All right! Back to molecular Biology lab, immunology– Let’s go fuckin’ find a cure for Lupus, bro! You never seen them slam a shot down—- All right! Those girls are really hammered. Let’s make sure they get home safe. No. Ah, I feel bad making broad generalizations about men and women like that, but… I’m pretty confident. To me it’s one of those things. It’s like saying, black dudes are blown away by magic tricks. Stereotypes are fucked up, but that’s one’s on point. If anyone has footage of a black dude seeing a magic trick and not being blown away, show it to me. I’ll never say that again. But until I see that footage, that’s my favorite racial stereotype ever. That’s the best one. Nothing comes close. Oh, what do you got? Jewish people are really cheap. No, no, no. When a black dude sees a magic trick, his mind explodes. Bu-bu-but Asian people open up dry cleaning places a lot. No, no, no, no. When a black dude sees a magic trick, for a few moments he thinks it’s real, like there’s a sorcerer on earth. If you don’t know what I’m talking about this is what happens, all right? They see the magic trick and then this– Boosh!– They got to walk away a minimum of 30 feet ’cause everything they know about reality has just been destroyed. They have to reassess existence from the ground up. Well, what always happens? They always turn around. That’s amazing! That’s amazing! That’s amazing! That’s amazing! That’s a beautiful way to treat things in life that you don’t understand. You realize how much better the world would be if we all just treated each other the same way… black dudes treat magicians? I’m serious. What if homophobic people saw gay people, they’d be like, “Blah, it’s so gross! “I don’t understand this lifestyle! why’d he get married?” “Oh, wait. “This doesn’t effect my life at all and any love and joy “in the world is a beautiful thing. “It’s amazing! It’s amazing! It’s amazing! It’s amazing!” That’d be a better way for them to conduct themselves.nIt’s a real phenomenon. If you don’t believe me, this weekend go out to some fancy nightclub. Look around. See if you find an African-American bouncer walk up he’d be like, “Sorry, we’re at capacity.” And he’d be like, “Oh, really? What if I give you the money?” He’d be like, “Oh, we don’t do that here.” And I’d be like, “Oh, yeah? What about this quarter behind your ear?” He’d be like, “Oh, shit, I didn’t know you were a wizard! “Come on in! Come on in! Come on in! “Please don’t turn me into a bird! “Please don’t turn me into a bird! “Okay, I’m sorry. You guys are cool. “You guys are cool. I just need to see an ID. “What do you mean check my back pocket? “Whoa, that’s amazing! That’s amazing! That’s amazing!” I’ve been ragging on those kind of jock-like-frat meathead guys, but if you want me to be honest, I really feel like all guys of this generation is kind of a sad state of affairs. Like, gentlemen are gone. We just have ‘dudes’. I get so bummed out when I talk to my friends that are like single females when you talk to them about what they’re looking for. It’s such a sad conversation. They’re just like, “You know, just someone nice… and clean.” That’s pretty much all they’re looking for. The bar is so low right now. Like, if you’re a nice dude and you’re clean, like you brush, shower, use deodorant every day, you’re in the top one percent. You can pretty much fuck anybody, I promise. Just be nice and clean, women will take notice. Don’t try to act cool. Just be nice and clean, women will notice. They’ll be like, “What? What? What? “You just held the door open for me “and you’re wearing pants? Come on, let’s go. Let’s go!” I haven’t seen a dude in ‘not’ cargo shorts in three years. Nice and clean. “What? What? What? “Did you just lift that heavy box and help me load it into my car? “Can you lift your penis and load it into my vagina because…I thought courtesy was dead.” Nice and clean. “What? What? What? “You just texted me and it wasn’t a photo of your dick? Come on, let’s go. This guy just texted me words!” Wow.nThere’s no sadder sign of the times than that, huh? Men are out there texting women photos of their penis. All the time. You want to see something amazing? Watch this. Clap if you’re a woman in the audience. Okay. Now clap if a dude has sent you a dick photo before. Was there even any difference in the applause?! There was just like two people who were like, “Well, I don’t have a cell phone. So… “I guess I haven’t gotten one, but many have been emailed to me, yes, but, uh”… That is so crazy. How did such a bizarre thing become so commonplace? That’s unbelievable. Thirty years ago, if I went up to some woman and I was like, “Hi. “I, uh, recently took some photos of my penis… “and, uh, I just got ’em developed and… “some of the shots look fantastic. Could I maybe get your mailing address, send you a few copies?” I’d get thrown in jail the next day and the headline would read, “Polaroid Dick Bandit Busted!”nIt’s a strange thing. And Miss, you sitting here in the front, you said a guy sent you a dick photo. Now tell us about this. Now first off, this doesn’t reflect badly on her some dude fucked her phone without her permission. Now who was this guy, was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? What was the situation? You don’t want to talk about it? I mean, it’s not a big deal. All right, Miss, you sitting here right next to her… A guy sent you a dick photo, right? Tell us about this. Now was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? What was the situation? Let’s say… the most recent time. She’s like, “Aziz, you don’t understand my life. I have an archive.” Let’s say the last time it happened. Was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? “Dating”? About how long into the relationship before it was like, “I’m gonna so something romantic today”? A month in? And when he sent the photo, did he say anything with the photo or was it just the photo? Just the photo. That’s what I thought. Folks, this is another thing I’ve learned in my research. Approximately 88.9 percent of all dick photos… have no message. Just the photo. Such a strange display of male arrogance. It’s like, “What am I gonna do? It speaks for itself.” So stupid! First off, everyone knows what your dick looks like. No one’s surprised. All dicks look the same. They’re just dumb and boring looking. No one’s ever got a dick photo and they’re like, “Wow! It’s so beautiful! I’ve never seen one like this! “Everyone, come in here look at this glorious penis I just got sent! Ah! It sparkles!” No. They all look the same. Yes, there’s some variations in size here and there, but generally, everyone knows what your dick looks like, unless it’s not circumcised. In which case, it’s terrifying. Keep it to yourself!”nSo, next this guy sends you a dick photo. No message. And, did you write anything back, or did you say like, “I’m not gonna say anything”? What was the situation? ‘Cause that’s a tough situation, right? Like if you don’t write anything back it’s hard for him to like change the conversation. You can’t send a dick photo and be like, “Uh… You wanna go to a five star restaurant later maybe?” That’s a tough predicament.nThe last question I want to ask you. The photo you got, was the gentleman erect in the photo? Yeah, I guess so, right? You can’t send one where it’s like– Can you help me?! Ughh! That’s not a strong move at all. I’m gonna do the rest of the show like this. No other comedian’s done a special from this squatting position. No, I’ll stand back up. I myself, I’ve never sent anyone a dick photo, but I wanted to do an experiment to see what it would be like to actually send someone a dick photo and see what kind of reaction you would really get. So I did an experiment. I had a friend. She didn’t have my cell phone number. I got her cell phone number from another friend and I decided to send her a dick photo. So, I downloaded a white dick off the Internet. I ran it through a bunch of Instagram Hipstmatic-type filters, made it looked like a really hip dick… and then I sent it to her. And this is what happened. So first off, I just sent kind of like a generic hello-type text and I was like, “Hey, uh, good meeting you the other night, Libby. What’re you up to?” And then I sent her the dick photo and underneath I wrote, “Boom!” An hour goes by… No response. Now, I want to keep the conversation going, but I don’t want to seem too eager, so I just send her a text that just says, “Question mark.” She writes back, “Who is this?” I said, “We made out at the club a while back, and you said I should give you a buzz sometime. Well– Buzzzzzz.” Twenty minutes go by. No response. I write, “I feel like you don’t like me. “Don’t be mean. By the way, did you get my earlier text?” Dick photo again– Boom! She writes back, “I don’t respond to people I don’t know sending me pictures of their dick.” I said, “That’s too bad. I thought you were special.” Twenty minutes go by. “I still do.” She writes, “Stop texting me! Delete me off your phone! Never contact me again!” And I said, “That’s cold. “I’m gonna store you in my phone as ‘Liquid Nitrogen’ ’cause that’s how cold you are.” An hour goes by. “If you were inside a barrel and someone dipped “a banana inside you and they dropped the banana “on the ground, the banana would shatter… ’cause that’s how cold you are.” Another hour goes by. “If you were inside a truck and the truck flipped over “and you spilled all over the T-1000 from Terminator 2… he would harden… ’cause that’s how cold you are.” She writes, “I know what liquid nitrogen does! Stop texting me!” And then I realized I only had one last text to send her. So, I sent her a photo of a soft penis and I wrote, “This is what my heart feels like right now.” What is today? Today is what, Wednesday? Yeah? Anybody got any big plans for the weekend? Anybody going to the club over the weekend? Clubs are crazy places, man. That’s a crazy place to try to meet someone–at a club. People that go to clubs know it’s bad though, right? No one goes to a club like, “All right, “it smells like vomit, I can’t hear anything, “and the worst people in the world are here. Let’s do this!” No. They know it’s bad. But when you look in a club people are having a great time. They’re having the best time. You know why? It’s ’cause the music they play in nightclubs tricks people into thinking they’re having a good time. There’s this new kind of song that’s come out that kind of brainwashes people into thinking they’re having a great time. Think about it. What kind of song is playing any time you walk into a club now? It’s always something like, […] And, if it’s not one of those songs, it’s one of these songs where the rapper or the singer is engaging in these very luxurious activities and simply by virtue of listening to the song, you are now somehow also partaking in these activities with them. Like I’d be one of those songs like, […] Dude’s in the club, “Oh, shit! I’m on a jet right now? “Where’re we flying to? I got work tomorrow! “Who’s paying for the jet? “Don’t put it on my tab! “No, we can’t split the jet! I didn’t even have any of the jets!” They should make a song that’s like a reality check for all these people, you know? Maybe a song that’s like, […] Philadelphia, thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much! Thank you! Thank you so much. Wow, wow, wow! I– I can’t tell you what a treat it is for me to get to travel around the country and perform in lovely theaters like this. It’s my favorite thing I get to do in my career and, uh, I thank you for that. I have found no matter what I do in my career though, my dad is never impressed. Like, uh, he’ll call me up, he’s like, “What are you doing this summer?” I’m like, “I’m going to do this big theater tour, do a part in this movie.” He’s like, “What part are you doing in the movie? “Are you starring in the movie?” I’m like, “No, just one of the smaller parts.” He’s like, “Why aren’t you starring in the movie?” I’m like, “You’re a Gastroenterologist. “You put cameras in peoples butts. “Why don’t you go star in a movie? I saw your last movie. It was shit, literally.”nThis is true. One time I sent him this video clip. I performed at this event that President Obama spoke at and I spoke and then the President spoke. When the President spoke, he mentioned me in his speech. He gave me a shout out. He was like, “Aziz Ansari, “I wanted to thank you for what you said earlier. “I also want to let him know, Aziz, I got more Twitter followers than you do, man.” And I was like, “Whoa, the President just burned me. That’s pretty cool.” I send the clip to my dad. He writes me back. “Why don’t you have more Twitter followers than the President?” I got to meet the President at that show. That’s pretty crazy. You never think You’re ever gonna get to meet the President. And I was so nervous. You know, I was downstairs and it was just me and “The Roots.” “The Roots” had performed at this event as well. And he’s coming down– Yeah, they’re fantastic. From Philadelphia, right? And, uh, you know, so he’s coming down. I’m very nervous, you know, ’cause there’s like Secret Service guys around– “POTUS will be down in two minutes. “POTUS will be down in two minutes. POTUS down in two minutes.” And I’m expecting something very brief, quick and formal. You know, just like, “Thank you for your time– Photo. Thank you for your time– Photo. Thank you for your time– Photo. That’s what I’m expecting. All right? This what happens instead. I’m not exaggerating. He comes down—- Oh, snap! It’s “The Roots”! What’s goin’ on? You guys are like my house band. You’re at every event. And I’m just there like, “What? That’s how he talks?” And he’s just running around chopping it up with all “The Roots” guys, being very charming and cool. And, uh, he goes up to one of “The Roots” who has like a flower lapel in his jacket, something kinda like this, and he’s like, “Uh, what is this? Are you a magician? “You can pull a rabbit out of there? Look at this fool– Ha, ha, ha!” Which, by the way, further backs up my black dude magician theories cause… I have not seen the rabbit out of the flower trick. So he says hi to them and he finally– he comes over to me and, uh, we start talking. He’s very nice, super charming… Exactly how you’d hope for him to be and it’s time for us to take a photo. And I’m there with a friend of mine and she has a purse. And he’s like, “Let’s get a good photo of the three of us. “Let’s get a good photo. Ah, put your purse down. “Don’t worry about your purse. Your purse will be fine. We got good security back here. Ah-hah!”nAnd that’s when I realized this dude acts the exact same way I would act if I was the President. Just running around, talking shit, cracking jokes. “What’s up?! How much did we raise tonight? “$5 million? Fuck it. Let’s go to the club. “Let’s celebrate! “Turn that into a campaign event, $20,000 a head. I’m DJ-ing. DJ POTUS, let’s go!” These are my favorite gigs I get to do as a comedian. A lot of times when you’re a comic you get asked to do these weird things that make no sense like, um, I got asked to go to this charity event once. It’s this charity called “Make It Right.” They rebuild homes in the lower 9th ward in New Orleans. It’s a very cool cause. And they’re like, “Aziz, could you help us out?” And I was like, “Sure. What do you need?” They’re like, “Could you host our After Party?” And I was like, “What does that mean?” They’re like, “Could you introduce Seal?” And I was like, “The singer guy, like, “I am just gonna go up there and say some stuff and then Seal is gonna pop up?” “Yeah.” And I was like, “You know what? I love New Orleans. This sounds cool. Let’s do it.” So I’m there in New Orleans. I’m backstage with Seal. Seal has no idea who I am. I’m not on Seal’s radar, sonar– nothing, and… it’s time for me to do his intro and this is what I do. I go onstage, I go, “Ladies and gentlemen, our next performer, “he’s actually running a little bit late. “So, uh, he wanted to know maybe if I can sing one of his hit songs for him in order to kill some time. So, I guess there’s nothing left to say but– What’s that, Seal’s here? Sorry, I can’t hear you. What’s that? Seal’s ready to go? Hm, I feel like at this point maybe I should finish my version. And I did that shit for way too long and… Finally I bring Seal up. Seal doesn’t even say anything to me. He just puts his arm around my shoulder and goes… ‘Cause I get it, you know? Seal doesn’t know I’m a comedian. He just thinks I’m some crazy brown guy that’s seizing the moment… So I can impress Seal and sign to Walrus Records and start my R&B career as The Brown Penguin.nBut the event went well. I did get to meet Seal. Very nice, very smooth. Everything he said was so smooth. You know, I was standing in a elevator with this girl. He looks over. He goes, “My only regret “is that I do not have a photograph to capture this moment…forever. And I was just like, “Oh, my God. “Seal, I wanna fuck you. That was…beautiful. No one ever speaks to me like that.” And then I realized Seal’s lyrics are not lyrics. That’s how he talks all the time. Seal’s at the optometrist. The optometrist is like, “Seal, what’s wrong with your eyes?” He’s like, […] “Seal, what the hell are you talking about? “The weather should not be affecting “your vision that way, Seal. We need to run some tests. “Sheila, get a bunch of snow here. Let’s see if Seal’s eyes start getting wide.”nYou’re at a dinner party with Seal. “Seal, how’s the chicken?” […] So…So the event went well. I had a good time. The next day they had another event. It was like a charity dinner, charity auction. So I went to that. Had a lot of fun. They had a lot of wine there. I drank a lot of wine. And then the next day I woke up and I was like, “Oh, Wh-what did I do last night?” We’ve all had those moments. I had maybe one of the most bizarre instances of that happening though. ‘Cause I woke up the next morning I was like, “Oh, what did I do last night? I think I bid and won a charity auction to be an extra in the next Tyler Perry movie. Yep, this is 100 percent true. I paid an exorbitant amount of money at a charity auction so me and a friend of my choice could be extras in the next Tyler Perry movie. So, next summer when you go to see a Madea Goes To Jail 3 and you see me and Seal in the background just… You’ll know why. Guys, thank you so much. Philadelphia! You guys were amazing! Thank you very much for coming out! I really appreciate it! Thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, the married couple! Dick photo people! Thank you very much! Thank you!
