Aired on 6th September 2019 And finally new rule: at next Thursday’s debate one of the candidates has to say the problem with our health care system is Americans eat shit, and too much of it. [Applause] All the candidates will talk about their health plans but no one will mention the key factor: the citizens don’t lift a finger to help and then the candidates will go back on the trail the next day and try to prove they’re just as big a gluttonous slob as the rest of us. Sometimes while discussing pre-existing conditions… [Applause] But why do people have so many pre-existing conditions? Being fat isn’t a birth defect. Nobody comes out of the womb needing to buy two seats on the airplane. Here it is in a nutshell from the New York Times: poor diet is the leading cause of mortality in the United States. [Applause] Everyone knows, obesity is linked to terrible conditions like diabetes, heart disease and virginity… not to mention cancer. But that’s just the beginning of it. there is literally nothing being overweight does not make worse eyesight memory pain, fatigue, depression, you don’t poop right… it weakens your immune system. We scream at Congress to find a way to pay for our medical bills but it wouldn’t be nearly the issue it is if people just didn’t eat like assholes… [Applause] …who are killing not only themselves but the planet. The Amazon fires are because farmers there are burning down the rainforests to make room for a future hamburgers and soy beans because here in America we look at fried chicken and think “that’s a good start,” now put it on a bun and add bacon and cheese and something don’t even thought to put on it. Make my mouth come. [Applause] What’s Elizabeth Warren’s plan for that? Europe doesn’t look like this because Europe’s not always eating for two. We weren’t always like this. Watching the footage of the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11 I was struck by how not fat everyone in the crowd was. We look like a completely different race of people. Now look at us, we wear shirts that our ancestors could have used as a sail. A hundred years ago this guy was fat enough to be the fat man in the circus. Now… he’s a guy. [Applause] People know I’m speaking the truth, after all is not why your Tinder picture is three years old. Can fat be beautiful that’s in the eye of the beholder but healthy no, that’s science. [Applause] I know this is a controversial thing to say now in today’s America, but being fat is a bad thing. We shouldn’t taunt people about it and overeating shouldn’t be singled out as the only vice it’s not we all have something. But there’s no smoking acceptance or drunk acceptance. When I drank too much– yeah, sometimes someone would say to me “you know that’s not great for your health Bill maybe you should slow down a little, you went kind of hard last night.” And I would say “yeah I know I’m gonna start next week”—and then of course I wouldn’t—but I didn’t say “how dare you drink shame me!” being blotto is beautiful. Of course I didn’t say that, I was focusing on the road! [Applause] When did it become taboo in this country to talk about getting healthy Weight Watchers had to literally take the words weight and Watchers I’m not kidding out of their name it’s now WW because merely the idea of watching your weight is now bullying. What’s next? Banning scales? Hey liberals, you know how you hate it when conservatives won’t even let the CDC study gun violence as a public health issue? This is that, you’re the NRA of mayonnaise. [Applause] We have gone to this weird place where fat is good. It’s pointing out that fat is unhealthy, that’s what’s bad. Fat-shame? No we fit-shame. Really, you hear it all the time, someone sees a merely trim person “you should eat something!” No, you should not eat something! I should be more unhealthy so you can feel better about your fat ass? In August, fifty three Americans died from mass shootings. Terrible, right? You know how many died from obesity? Forty thousand! Fat shaming doesn’t need to end, needs to make a comeback. Some amount of shame is good. We shamed people out of smoking and into wearing seatbelts. We shame them out of littering and most of them out of racism. Shame is the first step in reform it’s what goads people into saying maybe I can do better as opposed to I’m always perfect the way I am how dare you. We need to start aiming higher as a country this is a good place to start. [Applause] We can all keep pretending that health care is an issue between you and the government but it’s really between you and the waitress. It’s not just about being able to see a doctor, it’s also about being able to see your dick. to the woman who got vomit in her hair on a spirit airlines flight and had to wash her hair in an airplane bathroom. What’d you expect? You’re flying spirit from Chicago to Baltimore, you’re lucky you’re alive. I’m just saying, when you book a flight that costs 89 dollars, you’re subconsciously accepting the fact that you may get a little vomit in your hair. You just happened to get a lot. New rule: if Kim Jong-un wants to be taken seriously on the world stage, he’s got to delegate the job of corn inspector to someone else. Here he is, inspecting the corn. Here he is, pleased with the quality. Here he is realizing they keep after year. The same corn year yes, Kim, that’s the bad news. That’s all the corn in North Korea. The good news is: because of all these photo ops with corn, you’ve moved up to third in the Iowa caucus. New rule: dispensaries need to stop acting like the highs from different marijuana are so radically different. This one’s good for the beach. This one’s good for going to space. They don’t do that at the liquor store. “Hi, what sort of drunk are you looking for today? I recommend this one for calling old girl friends and the Chianti is nice for sobbing about your father. Of course, if you’re looking to call your mother-in-law a whore, I’d stick with a brown liquor. Same goes for if you’re looking to let the gay guy in your building blow you. And for anything like falling asleep on the kitchen floor, or putting a pizza in the oven and forgetting about it, you gotta try our malt liquor. Now, if this is a really special night, and you’re thinking of walking up to the taco bell drive-through window, I would recommend a sweet wine. And vodka’s always great for getting a tattoo of a rocket that looks like a dick. Numeral: now that we have Doritos with new flavors, how about ones with a more refined culinary pallets? Doritos light and unprepossessing. Let’s just call it what it is, Doritos Caucasian. New rule: the people who were shocked to see this Australian man jogging a popular trail in a pink thong and work boots, must give theuy cdit. That’s what we call an old school creep. He could easily be at home, on the computer, masturbating on chat-roulette, or sending dick pics, but he chose to put on his boots, go outside, and make people uncomfortable the old-fashioned way. And finally, new rule. It’s time somebody called out Donald Trump for something he’s doing that I don’t think anyone has caught on to yet: he’s a big LIAR! Hear me out! When he announced he was running, he said: Trump: I don’t need anybody’s money. I’m using my own money. I’m not using donors. I don’t care. I’m really rich. Bill: but he’s not really rich, and he’s used plenty of other people’s money – 90% of his 2016 campaign was funded by other people’s money. His whole reason for being there is a lie, this notion of “I can’t be bought, because I have so much money, I don’t care about money anymore!” No – the exact opposite is true: the man is constantly for sale. That wasn’t toilet paper on his shoe, it’s a price tag. He grubs for every penny. He wasn’t above cheating his charity — Trump University was a pyramid scheme. He just put a G7 meeting in one of his golf clubs. There’s not a dollar he’s ever left on the table since he took office. He’s worried about Ukrainian corruption? The only time corruption bothers Donald Trump is when he’s not in on it. If your country pays in cash: Trump: Saudi Arabia pays cash. Bill: you can literally get away with murder. Even I have a little money history with this guy. Remember, Mr. President, 2013, when you sued me? Because I publicly offered you five million dollars if you could prove you weren’t the son of an orangutan. It was a joke, but when you heard five million dollars, like a bum who chases a dollar on the sidewalk tied to a string, you could not resist chasing it into court. Well you lost that one, but tonight, I want to give you another chance to get some money out of me. You and I have been going back and forth on whether you will leave office if you lose the election. Trump: I mean, you have one guy on television “I’m telling you, he’s not leaving. He’s going to win and then he’s not leaving. So in 2024 he won’t leave. I’m telling you this is a serious person. Thank you. Serious person, the serious person I will bet you a million dollars right now that if you lose the 2020 election, I’m right and you won’t leave. Oh, what am I saying? This is Donald Trump we’re talking about — like he’d ever pony up even if he lost a bet. That would involve two things he’s never done: admit defeat and pay a bill. Okay so forget the bet. I got a better idea. How about this: just take my check for one million dollars. My check for a million, and I bet I could get another thousand people just from here to the beach — included Malibu, of course — who would pay that much to see you resign. And to those out there who are saying, “my god, Bill, are you suggesting we pay this man to go away?” Yes, that’s exactly what I’m suggesting. In fact, I’m insisting. Celebrities do nothing but waste their money on stupid crazy shit like castles and jewel-encrusted crucifixes and shark tanks and private islands, here’s something they could spend on and know it was doing some good. Let’s speak to Donald Trump in the only language he’s ever really understood: Trump: My whole life has been money. I want money. Greedy. I was greedy, greedy. I want more money, more money. Bill: it’s not like he was hiding it. It goes back to his childhood. From the moment his father created his first teenage shell company. Money. Money. Money makes Donnie a winner. Daddy loves good boy who gets money. So Mr. President, it’s really very simple: you love money, we hate you. Take the money. Take our money. You could finally be the billionaire you always pretended you were. Yes, I said bill-ionaire, cuz the kind of money I could get from, just off the top of my head Oprah, Cher, Madonna, Gaga, Bono, Jay-z, Beyoncé, Pink, Rihanna, Usher, Pharrell, Eminem — and that’s just the ones with one name. Singers, actors, athletes, everyone fucking hates you. Here’s a list of every single person in show business, with the names of those who do not hate you crossed out. Finally, let’s not forget the millions and millions of not-so-rich and famous people who despise you, too. Americans of modest means who would happily chip in five, ten, 20 bucks. Or pawn their wedding rings, whatever it took. And that’s why tonight I am formally announcing the formation of my national crowdfunding platform to bribe president Trump to leave — I mean, sir, win — and we call it “Prickstarter.” Okay, that’s our show. Please start it might work Ive got 5 bucks Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. And finally new rule: white liberals have to start listening to me when I tell them “you can’t be more offended than the victim.” It happened again last week when presidential contender Andrew Yang faced criticism because he said that SNL should not have fired comedian Shane Gillis of a racist comments Gillis made about Asians. That’s when the internet did what it does best and deemed Yang a racist for not being offended. Because if he wasn’t offended… well someone had to be. There was a study done last year where people were asked to rate their feelings about various races and white liberals were the only group that has a bias against themselves. They want to hang out only with people who are not them. That’s like your mother preferring the neighbors kids. There is a weird self-loathing going on among white liberals and it’s not helping anyone. Lifting up those who society has cheated or forsaken, that’s liberalism. Hating all things white is just tedious virtue signaling. You look like Justin Timberlake in Bad Teacher. [Clip from the movie Bad Teacher]\nJustin Timberlake : I hate slavery so so much.\nCameron Diaz: Slavery is the worst.\nJustin Timberlake : If I could go back in time and undo slavery, I would. I hate it. The answer to mass incarceration is to stop putting undeserving blacks in prison, not to put more white people in Twitter jail. Every thought needs a disclaimer now. The other day I heard a guy saying “I realized I’m only speaking as a white male and I acknowledge our tragic history of oppression… but you left your lights on.” Look, white privilege is real, and yes you have some advantages for being white. But you also have some disadvantages: many of you were born with a terrible personality. [The camera pauses on Noah Rothman] [Applause] That’s not. I didn’t ask that’s. I’ll fire the director. But you don’t need to advertise it. What’s with the I’m embarrassed to be white sub-genre on the Internet? “I’m finding myself constantly embarrassed to be white…” “I’m watching Tall Girl and I’ve never been so embarrassed to be white” “rt if you’re embarrassed to be white.” Jesus… Rosanna Arquette tweeted “I’m sorry I was born white and privileged. It disgusts me. And I feel so much shame.” Exactly. Do you think it’s hard being a black man in a white man’s world? Try being a white woman who feels bad about you being a black man in the white man’s world. Look, none of us chose to be born white — not even Ed Sheeran. So just stop, because you know what might be the worst part of white shame? You bore the fuck out of black people at parties. You meet black people and say things like “Black Panther was so meaningful to me.” No it wasn’t, it wasn’t a cultural milestone for you. I have taken an informal sampling among some black folks I know and the consensus seems to be: awareness, yes, is great. White people certainly should acknowledge they’ve had it easier go of it. But black folks are not asking white’s to always be flagellating themselves, because it makes everything awkward, all right? It puts the burden on black people to absolve YOU. It’s really asking black people to again do something for YOU: forgive ME, absolve ME, recognize that I’m one of the good white people. Jesus, haven’t black people suffered enough? Slavery, Jim Crow… and now I got to make some yuppie feel better about himself? As a black friend of mine said—and I quote—”I’m doing I, I don’t need your pity.” Here’s my question: how many white liberals would pay actual reparations? Real money taken out of your paycheck every week. If you really feel this bad about the whole race thing, if being white is really this toxic for society, let’s tax it. Let’s tax whiteness. A Honky Tax. Will do it like carbon offsets: will calculate your exact level of white lameness and then charge you a Caucasian offset fee based on a mean percentage of household income indexed to the net not gross national product an average with the Consumer Price Index. We will come up with just the right dollar figure to offset the exact amount of you being a fucking loser. A lame white loser. Now, pay up you fucking white piece of shit. You fucking worm. I mean, that’s what you want to hear, isn’t it? Isn’t it maggot you fuck? You want to be told what a disgusting piece of white shit you are, you white piece of shit? Look, in conclusion, I just want to say America has done a lot of good things and a lot of bad ones. And the number one bad one with no close second is racism. It’s a sorry history and we’re not done with it. And yet black and white increasingly intermingle. We get to the finish line on race by just being with each other more. We don’t need awkward. We need laughing with each other, finding out what’s good about each other, befriending, intermarrying, enjoying somebody’s company without thinking every minute “I’m with a person of color.” You’re with a person. And you are not uncool just because you’re white and it is not a crime to know all the words to Sweet Caroline. I think that’s Honkey Tax. Thanks for the transcription. Of the greatest rant ever. Thanks for pointing that out. Honky can also be spelled honkie or sometimes honkey so we are both right! Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. I needed that ladies and gentlemen. I’ve had so many shitty weeks but this is a shitty week, I’m telling you. No, really, the one bright spot I can find is that Trump finally found some white people to fight with: Denmark. Really, he’s fighting with Denmark because, you know, this he’s been wanting to buy Greenland. By the way, today Puerto Rico said “you don’t take care of the islands you already have.” But as I’ve said it’s not a crazy idea to want to own Greenland, other presidents have suggested it, but they took no for an answer. No this guy. The Prime Minister told him “not for sale,” and he said “that’s what Melania’s parent said.” The prime minister of Denmark—nasty woman—said his offer was absurd and Trump said “you nasty and you’ve insulted America,” and he wanted to talk to the manager! He’s crazy, he’s off his rocker. He’s giving hour-long press conferences on the White House lawn—brought to you by Adderall.1 The President of the United States stands in the driveway every day and screams at people. I mean, I know a lot of old guys are like “get off my lawn”– he’s like “get on my lawn.” The suit saves him. It’s all about the suit. Really, if he wasn’t wearing this suit—ordinarily people who do that are wearing a bathrobe with the garden hose in their hand—”Hey, let me tell you something…” The president is the inflatable arm-flailing tube-man outside of the car dealership, that’s who he is. I don’t want to say he has the mind of a child, but today Jeffery Epstein‘s ghost tried to fuck it. Gentle good humor, that’s what we do here, very gentle. Now do you see now why I say we need a recession? I know it’s gonna be painful, but we have to get rid of this guy. And recession Trump now says not to worry. He says the economy’s going fantastically and—other than ALWAYS—when is he ever lied? Yeah, he says not to worry about a recession, he says he always finds a way to win and that he wrote the book on surviving financial catastrophe, specifically chapter 11.2 This is a bad sign: today Greenland offered to buy us. And now some funeral news to report yesterday David Koch of the zillionaire Koch brothers died plays of prostate cancer—I guess I’m going to have to re-evaluate my low opinion of prostate cancer! He was he was 79, but his family says they wish it could be longer but at least he lived long enough to see the Amazon catch fire. Condolences poured in from all the politicians he owned and mourners are being asked in lieu of flowers to just leave their car engine running. As for his remains he is has asked to be cremated and have his ashes blown into a child’s lungs. Now, I know these seem like harsh words and harsh jokes, and I’m sure I will be condemned for them… on Fox News, which will portray Mr. Koch as a principled libertarian who believe in the free market. He and his brother have done more than anybody to fund climate science deniers for decades, so FUCK HIM! The Amazon is burning up, I’m glad he’s dead and I hope the end was painful. No.1, Adderall is a prescription medication used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy. No.2, Chapter 11 bankruptcy is a form of bankruptcy reorganization available to individuals, corporations and partnerships. It is the usual choice for large businesses seeking to restructure their debt. Trump has filed Chapter 11 six times, four times within two years in the 1990s, once more in 2004 and once more in 2009. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. if Donald Trump is looking for a legacy, don’t buy Greenland, save Greenland. That should be your legacy Mr. President. And I’ll tell you something else, if you get religion on global warming and become the greatest echo warrior we’ve ever had in politics, I’ll vote for you. I tweeted that last week. I guess some people thought I was kidding I’m not I don’t know if you are following the news about the environment but it is definitely at the last chance, whatever it takes moment. And I know the president is hearing me because last week he tweeted this saying he saw the show by accident. He said the same thing a couple of years ago how do you watch an HBO show for an hour by accident? When it was over did you say “hey that wasn’t Ballers. Boy, that Bill Maher looks just like The Rock.” But look I’m glad we’re talking sir at one of your recent rallies you called me a serious person and I appreciate that you also called me third-rate and a so-called comedian and then a respective comedian. I guess I’m complicated. You also said I was wacky—which isn’t really that big an insult for a comedian—side-splitting comedian Bill Maher. But look, I’m not here to fight, I’m here to offer my vote. And so Mr. President, your excellency, least racist person in the world, let me address you directly and try to win you over with logic. Because I know flattery simply will not work, you’re impervious to, it bounces off you like bullets from Superman’s chest, so I I’m not even gonna try that, not on a man as great as you. I’m not that wacky. I’d look foolish trying and you would see through it right away because you’re a stable genius. And did I mention handsome? When I see you and Melania together I always think “which one was the model?” But sir picture this headline: Trump saves earth. Feels right doesn’t? And all that would take is for you to undergo a sudden profound change like the Grinch when he saved Christmas how befitting a man of such power of such great intellect and large completely unlike penis. Someone who has the most beautiful words and a slavish devotion to the truth. I bet if you do this the people will put your face on the hundred dollar bill, combining your two great loves: money and you. And then I think they will put you on Mount Rushmore. That’d be a switch huh, someone chiseling YOU! No I was kidding I’m sorry please Mr. President before you change the channel and go back to your chess game look I know I know we’ve tangled in the past [Applause] you you sued me once and and we both have said some things and you called me stupid not considered smart a dummy, not a smart guy, the dumbest man on television fired like a dog very sad pathetic bloated and gone, dumbass, a rather dumb guy, a lowlife dummy don’t be, dumb as a rock moron stupid guy a very dumb guy, failing comedian and—most hurtful of all—rosie is smart and I called you a whiny little bitch but I’m just going to admit it right now: I was jealous. I was always have been I mean who’s kidding who we both know you have the best brain and everything you take on is an incredible success you won the trade war you built the wall you effortlessly solved the Middle East and Stormy Daniels is still basking in the afterglow of your incredible lovely. Women want to be with you and men want to be like you, I know. I do, in fact, as a tribute to you, I’ve taken to wearing, I’ll show you toilet paper on my shoe. And I’m sure many would follow if you embrace the environment. Think about the a-listers who overnight would become your biggest fans Brad, Matt, Clooney… the White House would be like Ocean’s Eleven. Taylor Swift will be begging to follow you on Twitter. DiCaprio will love you. Giselle will love you. Ivanka will get invited to parties again. You’ll be a big hero in her eyes and we know you love her in a completely appropriate way. Look sir, you’re already the greatest president ever, that’s a fact because people are saying it. So I can see why you might be thinking why do I need to Gilda Lily I’ve already saved mankind from extinction once, after Obama, do I have to do it twice? Yes sir, I’m afraid you do. Please sir, lend your giant brain to work with the other lesser brains in the scientific community. And if you save the planet billions of children will be grateful and one of them could be your next wife. So please, remember my pledge: become a pitbull for planet Earth and you won’t need Russia to hack my polling place, I will vote for you. I will take my paper ballot and put my prick next to your face. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 