Well, thank you! Thank you very much. Wow! Wow! Wow, thank you! Thanks! That’s very nice, I hope somebody does that for you some day. That was a very nice thing. I hope you had a nice day. All I can do about it is hope. I had a pretty good day — I went out shopping for some things I needed… and now I on’t need them, ’cause I’ve got them. I got a white noise machine. Do you know what those are, a white noise machine? That’s a machine that helps white people sleep at night. Because, uh, you should be able to. I’m a little hungry. I mean, I feel hungry. I think that’s what… Americans shouldn’t say “I’m hungry,” they should say “I feel hungry.” If you ate today, you shouldn’t say “I’m hungry.” Hunger’s a real thing. I don’t have “third world” hunger. I have “first” world hunger. I would like a donut. Some people say “I’m starving.” That’s offensive! [mimicking] “I’m STARVING! I haven’t eaten since TWO, I’m STARVING!” Don’t say that! Because some people ARE starving, and THEY don’t say it! You never see a little kid in Africa with his ribs showing, he’s like, “I’m STARVING right now! I’m like literally starving TO DEATH! It’s, like, ANNOYING!” I have two kids. I went to my daughter’s play the other day. I don’t know if you have a kid, but there’s no more joyful feeling in the human experience than when a child’s play… is over. It’s just… nothing feels that good, when you can say “I’m not watching that ANY LONGER!” Now, every second my daughter’s on stage, I can’t breathe because I’m so proud of her… but this is a bad show. They worked really hard and it didn’t make it good. I’m glad I’m raising a girl, though, because boys are, uh… uh… I don’t like boys! That’s probably a good thing, you’d say! I don’t like boys! I don’t! I mean, I don’t think women are better than men, uh… but I do think that men are worse than women. Like, I was talking to my friend and he said his girlfriend was mad at him. I said, “What happened?” He goes: “Well, I guess I, uh… I guess I said something, and, uh… and then she got her FEELINGS HURT!” That’s a weird way to phrase it: “She got her feelings hurt. I said something, and then sheeee…” Could you more remove yourself from responsibility? “She got her feelings hurt.” It’s like saying, “Yeah, I shot this guy in the face, and then I guess he got himself murdered. I don’t know what happened. He leaned into it.” I’ve never been murdered. I’m gonna die someday, I accept that. I don’t know what happens afterward. Some people say that they’re going to Heaven: “I’m totally going to Heaven!” By the way this is the only voice that I’m gonna do. It’s the only voice I have. I can’t, like, do impressions. For instance, this is my impression of the President: “I’m the first Black president!. I’m literally the first Black president.” I don’t know, do you guys think there’s a Heaven? Clap your hands if you think you’re going to Heaven. [the audience claps wildly] You think you’re to Heaven? Girl: Yes. Louis C.K.: Really? How old are you? Girl: 21. Louis C.K.: 21… and you’re a LOCK for Heaven already? You’ve been a grown-up for three years and you couldn’t possibly make a mistake. Well, good luck! Personally, I don’t think there’s a Heaven. I think maybe there’s a God… but there’s no Heaven. I think that’s the best news you’re gonna get. You die, and you’re like, “Hey, God!” And he’s like, “Yeah?” And you’re like, “Where’s Heaven?” And he’s like, “I don’t know who’s telling people that! I’m supposed to make a whole universe, and then another whole amazing place for afterwards?! You guys are greedy DICKS down there!” “Well, where do I go?” “Just stand in this ROOM with me now!” “I don’t like it.” “Tell me about it, I’ve been here since 1983!” Or whenever… I don’t know when God started, but… I’m not religious! I don’t know if there’s a God, but that’s all I can say, honestly, is I don’t know! Some people think that they know that there isn’t. That’s a weird thing to think you can know. “Yeah, there’s no God!” “Are you sure?” “Yeah — No, there’s no God!” “How do you know?” “Because I didn’t see him!” “How do you –? There’s a VAST universe! You can see for about a hundred yards when there’s not a building in the way! How could you possibly –? Did you look everywhere? Did you look in the downstairs bathroom, where he goes sometimes?” “I haven’t seen him!” “Yeah, well, I haven’t seen Twelve Years a Slave yet, it doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist! I’m just gonna wait until it comes on cable!” I think if there is a God, I don’t know if it’s the one in the Bible, ’cause that’s a weird story if he’s our father and we’re his children. That’s it. “Our Father who art in Heaven.” Where’s our Mother? What happened to our Mom? What did he do to our Mom? Something happened. Somewhere in Heaven, there’s a porch with a dead lady under it and I want this story! Somebody’s gotta check the trunk of God’s car… for bleach and rope and fibers. How can we not have a Mother?! At least, maybe God’s divorced. Maybe he has an ex-wife. God’s a single dad and he’s raising us alone… and we’re praying, and he’s like, “I’M TRYING!! It’s just ME up here!!” Maybe that’s what’s going on. Maybe your life is your time — This is our weekend with Dad. That’s what life is… is your weekend… and then when you die, you go to Mom’s house. It makes sense that God would be a woman, doesn’t it? Because you’re raised by your mom. I think the reason we made God a man in our culture is because we want to make sense of the fact that men are in charge. ‘Cause otherwise it doesn’t really make any sense, because women — you start with a woman. It’s that thing people like to ask me: “What came first, the chicken or the egg?” Of course it’s the egg! Because you can’t just make a chicken. You can’t just go: “CHICKEN!” You gotta start with an egg and then grow a chicken. But then, people say, “Well, where did the egg come from?” From a chicken, you idiot! The point is: Women birthed us, women raised us. So why aren’t they running things? I think I know why. I think it’s because, millions of years ago, women were in charge, and they were mean, they were horrible! They made us walk around naked, and then they’d laugh at you and flick your penis when you walk by… They were AWFUL! But what could you do? It’s your Mom and her friends, like what could you possibly do about it? And then one guy punched his mom, and we’re like: “We can hit them!” And then we did the whole thing. But that’s why men are mean to women today, because we’re TERRIFIED of them. That’s why we didn’t give women the right to vote until 1920. That means American democracy is 94 years old. There are three people in my building who are older than American democracy. That’s how… women had to have a rough time. It was SO okay to beat your wife until so recently, that today we have a kind of shirt named after it! There’s a piece of clothing in our country, affectionately nicknamed after beating the crap out of your wife! And, for some reason, this is offensive to NOBODY! I saw a woman on “Good Morning, America!”, and she was saying, “So I was walking around my house in a wifebeater…” I’m like, “Stop SAYING that!! It’s HORRIBLE!! “I’m wearing a wifebeater and child murder shorts…” Che-e-e-eck!! We have a GREAT show — Sam Smith is here! Stick around! WE’ll be right back. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 

Hi. A little early for that. Well, thank you very much for being here. This is the 40th year of this show’s existence and this is the finale so I’m very honored honestly to be asked to host it. So thanks and I’m glad you guys are here. Yeah, that’s fine. Anyway, I was born in 1967, so I grew up in the ’70s. So I’m not racist — however, I do have mild racism. It’s the best I could do coming out of the seventies because that was a very racist decade. People said racist things all the time and nobody got offended. The only time someone got offended if you said something racist in the 70s is when they would then say ‘Hey you interrupted me, I was saying something racist, why did you interrupt me?’ So I have mild racism. It’s benign, it’s not aggressive. It’s not even negative racism, it’s mild racism. I’ll give you the example. If I go to a pizza place I’ve never been to before, and it’s run by four black women. I’ll go like. “Hm…” See, it’s very mild! It’s extremely mild racism. I’d noticed that. “Hm, you don’t usually see that, four black women running a pizza place…” Unless it’s called “Four Black Girls Pizza,” or something like that. — Like that’s the all point of the place. Here’s another example of mild racism. If I’m in a hospital and the doctor comes in to treat me and the doctor is from China or India, I’ll think “well, good, good… good, more of that! Why not?” It’s very mild racism. This is another example. If I’m in a gas station late at night and a young man comes in wearing a hooded sweatshirt… if he’s white I’ll think “oh he’s an athlete.” If he’s black, unless he has a big smile on his face, that I’ll become mildly racist and this is what I think, I think “That’s fine. Everything is fine! Nothing is gonna happened. No, of course, I’m fine. Why would I even think that for a second!” This because I was raised in the seventies. The seventies were very different time. Everything was different in the 70’s than it is now, except the Middle East. It’s exactly the same as it was in the seventies. It’s been the same fights and you know what, it’s boring now, that’s the worst part of it. When I was a kid we’re like “Uhh…” but you can’t go like this for a 1000 years. After awhile when you fight people don’t care, ’cause when you both just keep fighting everybody is just like ‘Those guys are dicks, they just fight.’ That’s what it’s like… I have 2 kids and they fight sometimes. When they first start fighting I get concerned. I go in the room and I’m like “Hey what’s going on? What’s wrong? Are we having some feelings? Can we listen to each other please? Can we please just listen to each other? Okay, you go first.” And she goes– she’s like– [bickering sound] “Hmm…yeah, that sounds hard.” [bickering sound continues] “Okay, okay, thank you thank you. Okay, now you… [bickering harsher sound] ‘Cause I like this one a little more so that’s why I’m making… [bickering harsher sound continues] Hmm… And they work it out. You help them working it out. But if they keep fighting, you stop doing that. After a while you just go in the room and you just go “HEY! JUST SHUT UP! BOTH OF YOU! YOU’RE BOTH WRONG! ‘Cause you won’t stop fighting! You’re in a family, there’s other people in this family and you’re being a couple selfish little bitches that won’t fix anything! You’ll share a room, we can’t afford another room, so just deal with it!” Somehow this has to do with Israel and Palestine… I don’t remember now. It is because my kids are like Israel and Palestine, and I’m like America. The little one is like Palestine because she always gets screwed, she gets the worse deals. She’s like “she threw a rock at my face!” I’m like “You’re fine. You have a great life, you take a rock to face once in a while, you’re fine. The older one is like Israel. She comes up to me, ‘She burned all my dolls.’ I’m like, ‘Look, I can’t do anything about it right now. Your sister is crazy. Please don’t make me talk to her. I’ll work it out you and me, okay? We’ll go out and I’ll buy you a really cool missile… and you do whatever you want with it, is totally up to you.’ The seventies were very different. In the seventies there was a child molester that lived in my hometown. It wasn’t a big deal. We called him a child molester, it was just like “yeah, that’s the house where the child molester lives. Hey kids, don’t be stupid, you’ll get molested. Just stay away from the child molester’s house. I know because he did something to me when I was your age. So just stay away from the child molester’s house.” We had a town child molester, his name was Jean Baptiste, this is a true story. He liked teenage boys, that’s when you would find out because I was a teenage boy. He didn’t like me and I felt a little bad. [in a French accent] “Not you…” He wasn’t into me. But he would drive next to teenage boys and would say “Hello, would you like to go to McDonald’s?” And you’d be, like “No.” And he’d be like “Why? You don’t like McDonald’s?” And then you were trapped because of course everybody liked McDonald’s, it was the seventies. And then I had one friend who used to get in the car and he’d like “Sure, I’ll go,” and he’d get in the car. He’d go to McDonald’ss, eat a burger and say “See you” and he’d just take off. And Jean Baptiste was like “duoghhh.” But he would always try, “Maybe this time!!!” Because child molesters are very tenacious people. They love molesting childs [sic], it’s crazy. It’s like their favorite thing. I mean it’s so crazy because when you consider the risk in being a child molester—speaking not of even the damage you’re doing, but the risk—there is no worse life available to a human than being a caught child molester and yet they still do it. Which from, you can only really surmise, that it must be really good. I mean from their point of view, not ours, but from their point of view, it must be amazing for them to risk so much! How do you think I feel? This is my last show, probably. Look, I can’t key into it. Because I love Mounds bars, I love Mounds bars, it’s my favorite thing right, but there’s a limit. I can’t even eat a Mounds bar and do something else at the same time, that’s how much I love them. Like if I’m eating a Mounds bar I cant read the paper. I have to just sit there with it in my mouth, and go “Why is this so good? I love this so much.” Because they are delicious, and yet if somebody said to me “if you eat another Mounds bar you will go to jail and everyone will hate you,” I would stop eating them. Because they do taste delicious, but they don’t taste as good as a young boy does—and shouldn’t!—to a child molester, not to me! Not to us, because we’re all awesome. All right, we did it. We got through it.

Hello, alright… thank you, alright faggot how you doin’ Sorry, I called him a faggot. I miss that word, k’now, I grew up saying that word and, I mean, it never meant gay. When I was a kid, I didn’t even know what gay was, I hadn’t been told that people do that, I had no fucking idea. Faggot didn’t mean gay. When I was a kid, you called someone a faggot because they were being a faggot, y’know. Someone’s just being a faggot. “Neee,” Shut up faggot. “You’re not supposed to use those for that.” Shut up faggot. I would never call a gay guy a faggot, unless he was being a faggot. But not because he’s gay, do you understand? If I saw two guys blowing each other, I don’t know why I’m watching them do it, but if I just happened to. I stumble upon a couple of fellas blowing one another on their respective “penisia” That’s plural for penis that I invented today… “penisia” I would be respectful to them, y’know, “Hello gentlemen.” But if one of them took the dick out of his mouth and started acting all faggy and saying annoying faggy things. “You know people from Phoenix are Phoenisians” or something like that. I’d be like “hey shut up faggot, FAAAAGGGOOT” Quit being a faggot and suck that dick, that’s what I would say to them. I don’t know, I wouldn’t call someone a mean name for sucking a dick, because if you suck a dick, that’s awesome, I respect you. Because I can’t do it, I mean I haven’t tried and failed, I just, I put myself there in my mind and I couldn’t do it because I’m afraid, that’s the only reason That’s why, if you can suck a dick I think that there’s a strength in being able to do that, I believe that. I don’t believe that blowing somebody comes easily to anybody, even if it’s something you generally do, every new dick must take somethin’ outta you. There must be something you gotta do to get yourself ready, y’know, “[clears throat] okay, here we go” [exhales] “ahaha, you.. I’m gonna suck ya” “muahaha oookay, HERE WE GO!” So, faggot, I don’t know.nA lot of words that are not bad words, but some people start using them a lot to hurt other people and then they become bad and become hard to use. There’s words that I love that I can’t use because other people use them wrong to hurt other people. Like the word cunt is a beautiful word, to me there’s just beauty in that word, and I mean like asthetically it’s chocolate-y and round on the ends. I just… cunt, I just like the way it sounds. I don’t use it as an insult, I’ll be alone in the laundry like “cunt, cunt” I just like saying it I would never call a woman a cunt, except for my mom because she likes it for some weird reason, but.. it’s a very misused word, it’s supposed to mean vagina, which I don’t think works at all because vagina’s are so sweet they’re little pretty things with flow pedal-y lips. I hear a piccalo in my head everytime I see a vagina. Even for vaginas that’s too harsh, they should be called like “fala-lala” There should be a butterfly fluttering around every vagina just all the time, a little butterfly. You go to the doctor and he’s like “Well the butterfly looks good so we’re in good shape” How do you look at something that pretty and say “That’s a CUNT” that doesn’t fit at all. Maybe if it was a giant vagina and it was attacking a town and throwing buses around and knocking over telephone poles Then you can say “Hey, somebody shoot that cunt with a bazooka!” It’s gonna step on the candy store! So, faggot, cunt.nEverybody has different words that offend them. Different things that they hear and get offended by. To me, the thing that offends me the most is when I hear someone say “the N-word” not nigger by the way, I mean “the N-word,” literally whenever a white lady on CNN says “the N-word” that’s just white people getting away with saying nigger. They found a way to say nigger, “N-word”, it’s bullshit because when you say “the N-word” you’re putting nigger in the listener’s head. That’s what saying a word is. You say “the N-word” and I go “Oh, she means nigger,” you’re making ME say it in my head. Why don’t YOU fucking say it instead and take responsibility. With the shitty words you wanna say, just say it, don’t hide behind the first letter like a faggot. Just say nigger you stupid cunt. I don’t know, I don’t care. Somebody’ll kick my ass, I mean all this shit goes on in my head, I don’t really…nI thought the word nigger the other day, it wasn’t even racist. Let me tell you what happened, I went to a coffee place. It was a cool indie place, I don’t like Starbucks anymore because they don’t care anymore. They just press a button and some old lady’s diarrhea comes out and they just give it to you. So I go to a young people’s cool coffee place with all the band’s playing notice on the walls, it’s called like “The Howling Dew” or something. The dude behind the counter has like a tight t-shirt and a pony tail and he’s like “hey what’s up man” And I was like “Hey can I get a cappuccino?” and he’s like “Yeah, right on, totally,” like he’s amazed that he can help me. “Oh yeah, I got all the stuff right here, this is awesome!” And so he starts making my coffee, he worked so hard. He grounded the beans just for that one cup and put them in the thing and tamped them with this old thing [click clakity click] and he took the milk and he frothed it like for an hour and he banged it on the counter and I don’t know why but it was awesome, he scooped it in and put a little cocoa on it. and he’s like “Here ya go man,” and I was just blown away and for some reason as I left there, the thought in my head was “That nigger made the shit outta my coffee” I don’t know why, he wasn’t black, that was just what was in my heart for some reason was “that nigger made the shit outta my coffee” I don’t know, I don’t care I’m all sweaty, I don’t feel good. I ate too much and masturbated too recently, y’know that kinda.. y’know it’s bad to like jerk off and run out the door ’cause you run into somebody like “uggh, she knows,” you gotta like take some time along to process the shame. I just can’t stop eating, today I weighed myself, I don’t know why, I’m not using the information, it’s not guiding my behaviour why am I bothering to find out exactly how much of a piece of shit I am. I weighed myself and I usually hover around 230… 240 today, I weight 240 pounds, which is not okay. You know like when you go to the doctor they give you like a formula for how much you should weigh? I’m pretty sure it’s not your age plus 200 pounds. That doesn’t seem like.. Like, I was watching a boxing match today, and both guys, they weighed a hundred and ten pounds each. So, both of those guys still need a fat baby and a dead dog to make me. And it’s really bad ’cause I’m 40, and my doctor’s like, “Yeah, you gotta be less people… you can’t be so much… He just told me, “This is bad.” And he starts asking me about my eating habits, you know, like there’s habits, like there’s a pattern. It’s just chaos, and awfulness. It’s just depesperate, constant… He’s like, “How many meals and how many bowel movements a day?” I’m like, I have no idea, I have no idea. It’s just a blur, I’m just shittin’ and eatin’ all day. I fill, pack my body to capacity and then blow it out my asshole, that’s it. Every shit is an emergency. Does that give you some idea? Of my eating habits? And he’s trying to get a handle on my… He’s like, “Dude, okay look, how long, how soon into a meal do you typically feel full and stop eating?” I’m like, “I don’t stop eating when I’m full. The meal is not over when I’m full. The meal is over when I hate myself. That’s when I, that’s when I stop.” I guess normal people eat ’til they’re like, “Oh, that’s, I guess that’s all the nutrition I require, right there, I just reached it. I will cease the intake now… and convert this into useful energy throughout the day.” No. Every time I eat it ends with me, “Why the fuck did I eat that? Dude, get it away, I don’t wanna look at that shit, that’s uggghh…. It’s all right here too, it’s like ucckkhhh. [exhales] I got syrup in my veins, like for blood, I got syrup. It’s gonna be bad later, ugggh.” I can’t take care of myself. And I’m always, just uncomfortable. Just sweaty, and just… like, this is, such a bummer. Like… it’s my nightmare, it’s my whole life. Best thing that ever happened to me was boxer briefs. I’m so happy about boxer briefs. It doesn’t seem like a big deal to most people, but before boxer briefs I was trapped between the two awful worlds of briefs and boxers. Briefs, briefs are for a normal man with one leg here and one leg here. Two totally separate legs, with a whole area between, and the briefs go up into this little valley, this little area, and they come down like this, and they can just tuck up in there and just hold them nicely because he’s got all that air and negative space. But this is just, all just mashed together, just upsetting, sting-y, red, sweaty, just like… This looks like a pig’s ass when I’m naked. Like even my dick is curly like the tail… This is a pig’s ass. And I pull briefs on and they’re just go “Grrrrrrunhhh!” and they just grab my dick and balls, “Here’s your balls, you fat bastard, you like that?!” And they just dig up in there with this viciously sharp cotton, and “Owwww!” And after a while I have just this wad of just damp cloth, just a wad of wet cotton, just like the size of a tennis ball, like a huge wad of wet cotton. And boxers were worse because they’re, just they just let everything flap around, and touch each other, and upset each other… I need everything to be segregated down here. I went ’cause my ankle, I was like limping for a month out of no where, and the doctor, he brings me and shows me an xray of my ankle and he’s like “Yeah your ankle is just worn out” I was like “What do you mean, I injured my ankle?” and he’s like “No, it’s just shitty now.” “You see that dark area? Bleck, it’s all hardened… they get like that and they’re not good anymore.” I was like “Well goodbye? There’s nothing? There’s no option, it’s just incurable shitty ankle? That’s it?” And he goes, “Well, there’s things you can do… you can stretch for half hour a day you should stretch your ankle” I was like, “How long will that take to fix it?” and he’s like “No, you just do that now, that’s just a new thing you do, until you and your shitty ankle both die.” I was like, “Dude this hurts a lot” and he goes, “Well you can take Aleve, just take Aleve, you can buy it and just take it, and you can take whatever amount, it doesn’t matter don’t pay attention to the dosage” I’m like “really?” and he goes “Yeah, you can take 10 a day, you’d be fine,” he say take 10 Aleve a day.. I said, “Doesn’t that stuff like hurt your intestines?” he goes, “Oh yeah, it’ll do some intestinal damage after a while, but you just gotta weigh that against how much you like your ankle not hurting.” This is all totally true by the way, this is exactly what happened. And at one point I was like “What if I was like an athlete or something?” he goes, “You’re not an athlete..” “So no to whatever else you were about to say” It’s bleak. It’s harder for old people. My grandmother is 95, she can’t see out of her left eye, it just shut off… The last time we went to see her she’s like “I can’t see out of my left eye” and we’re all like, “Uggh, hey what was Chistmas like in the ’40s?” Maybe that’d run out the clock on the eye thing if we’re luck, y’know? So I go to her doctor, he’s always at the end of the hall like 8 feet away from her. So I go to the doctor and say “She can’t see out of her left eye at all.” And I swear to god he goes, “Well she’s probably got a bunch of tumors in her head.” I swear to god, that’s exactly what he said… I remember it because I was blown away by how none of his education he applied to this paticular diagnosis. He said that she’s PROBABLY got a bunch of tumors in her HEAD. He’s a doctor and he called it her head.. he almost said “fucking head” I swear to god. Like that’s what he was thinking, “she’s probably got a bunch of tumors in her fucking head, who gives a shit that old cunt will be dead in a week, I ain’t gonna get up outta my desk because of her eye” “What does she need two eyes to see the shitty place you fucking put her because you don’t love her enough” I ain’t there yet, I’m halfway there. 40 year old guys are not good specimens either. I have a friend who has a lot of young girlfriends and he goes a little too young. And it’s not okay, he brings them around and you’re like “Dude.. don’t” like I literally pointed at her face and said “Don’t fuck her, that’s awful” because it’s just bad, y’know? But so he was going to have sex with her one night and he said he wanted to go all night, like he really wanted to last a long time, so he said “I’m gonna drink a lot of milk so I can have a lot of sex” I was like, “Who told you that that mattered?” and he goes, “Well you can cum more if you drink milk” This guy actually thinks that you run outta cum but if you drink milk your body goes, “Oh dude that’s perfect! Just send that ri ght through” “Nobody will know the difference, just send it through” You run outta cum and milk it doesn’t matter just send it right through.. spray it all over his cat’s face, whatever he was doing… What? I’ll cum on my cat’s face. If she’s watching, she’s gonna get a face full of cum, she knows that by now. It’s her fault now. Cum on my cat’s face once, shame on me… …I don’t have a cat, I never had one. I mean would cum on a cat’s face I’m not trying to take that back, I just don’t happen to have a cat. I have a dog, and I had a dog when I was a teenager and… yeah, I did once, I- I made my dog lick cottage cheese off my balls. Which is something you know can’t un-know. You just know it. I did this. And I only hesitated to start the sentence only because I wasn’t sure whether to say that I LET my dog lick cottage cheese off my balls or that I MADE him… And really, considering how much dogs love cheese I think I made him an offer that he couldn’t refuse I think that’s probably the fairest way to put it. I remember it so clearly, and I remember the look on the dog’s face, he was like “aww fuck, dude what’s wrong with you?” “Why are you doing this to us? Just put it on a plate, why do I have to lick it off your god damn balls?” “Alright fine, let’s do it, I’m doing it I don’t care, look you gotta live with it ’cause I’ll be dead in like 2 years I’m a dog, this is your problem.” Sorry I’m being so negative… I’m a bummer, I don’t know, I shouldn’t be, I’m a lucky guy I got a lot going for me. I’m healthy, I’m relatively young. I’m white which thank god for that shit. That is a huge leg up, are you kiddin’ me? Oh god I love being white, I really do. Seriously if you’re not white you are missing out because this shit is thoroughly good. Let me be clear by the way, I’m not saying white people are better. I’m saying that being white is clearly better, who could even argue? If it was an option, I would re-up every year. “Oh I’ll take white again, I’m absolutely enjoying it, I’ll stick with white thank you.” Here’s how great it is to be white. I can get into a time machine and go to any time and it would be fucking awesome when I get there That is exclusively a white privilege. Black people can’t fuck with time machines, a black guy in a time machine would be like “Hey anything before 1980 no thank you” But I can go to any time, the year 2, I don’t even know what was happening then but I know when I get there, “Welcome we have a table right here for you sir.” “Thank you, it’s lovely here in the year 2.” I can go to any time. In the past, I don’t want to go to the future and find out what happens to white people because we’re gonna pay hard for this shit, you gotta know that. We’re not gonna just fall from number 1 to 2. They’re gonna hold us down and fuck us in the ass forever.. and we totally deserve it but for now “weeeeee” Now if you’re white and you don’t admit that it’s great, you’re an asshole It is great, and I’m a man. How many advantages can one person have I’m a white man, you can’t even hurt my feelings. What can you really call a white man that really digs deep? “Hey cracker!” “Uggh, ruined me day, boy shouldn’t have called me a cracker. Bringing me back to owning land and people, what a drag.” I am married though, that takes me down a few pegs. The other night, my wife sent me to Walgreens to get toilet paper because we were out of toilet paper because I had thrown it all in the garbage so I could get out of the house… So I’m driving to Walgreens, it was nightime and I see a deer and I fucking hate deer, I hate them because they’re everywhere up there. I used to live in the city and I loved deer then because I was liberal and in the city and I’d see deer when you drive out with your friends out to the country and you see a deer and everybody is like, “Turn off the car, don’t scare it, it’s just so beautiful, look at the beautiful deer, look how he looks around it’s just so mysterious and beautiful. God gave us a gift everybody just enjoy the gift of the beautiful deer” But now I live, and deer are in my fucking yard everyday and they suck, they’re just rats with hooves They don’t matter. They have ticks that give you lime disease and they shit everywhere and they make a noise, did you know that? They go [scoffs]. They’re assholes. They’re shit animals. I go out every morning and throw rocks at them and I try really hard to them on the head with rocks. And they don’t care, they’re like [farts][scoffs], they don’t care. I don’t have a gun, but if I did, I would shoot a baby deer in the mouth and feel nothing. I wouldn’t feel anything. I’d just go, “Oh look, he’s dead, that’s interesting. I guess that’s what happens when you shoot them in the fucking mouth.” I’d go out of my way to kill a deer, I would happily blow 20 guys in an alley with bleeding dicks so I could get AIDS and then fuck a deer and kill it with my AIDS, I would do that in a second I mean it, I mean it. So I see this deer and this is how dumb they are. I hit him with my headlights and he does “DUH,” that whole thing. And they he won’t just go, he’s like “Can I go? Can I- Can I go?” and I’m like, “Fucking GO!” “I don’t know if I can, I don’t-” “Just GOOO!” And I try to get away from him and then I see him and he looks at me and [AHHH] he panics. I swear, and he ran and smashed his body into my fucking car, like just [thud]. Destroyed my mirror, just shattered my mirror. He broke his neck, I heard him break his own fucking neck. And then he just dragged his stupid deer head into the woods and he died. And I’m glad he’s dead. I was glad right away. I got outta my car and I yelled into the woods, “I’m glad you’re dead you fucking idiot! I hope your deer wife finds you dead and dies of a broken heart. I hope your deer babies starve to death, you broke my mirror you faggot, cunt, nigger deer.” So I go to Walgreens.. I just kept going. I gotta by drugs all the time ’cause I got kids. Kids are like buckets of disease that live in your house. And you get sick from them all the time. Last week I had a flu that I caught because my daughter coughed into my mouth. Just [achoo], hit my right in the back of the throat. I’m like, “Thank honey, I’m sick right now I can feel it already.” She did this by the way because she was trying to tell me a secret. And she thinks you tell secrets into people’s mouths. She takes her whole face, [whispers] [coughs]. Which is inconsiderate, borderline retarded behaviour if you ask me. And by the way, she’s 5. 5 years old, what secret does she really have that I really need to hear.. Like she’s gonna tell me a secret and I’m gonna go “Holy shit are you serious? Oh my god. Honey, I won’t tell anybody but that is fucked up though, seriously. She got an abortion on Christmas eve? Oh my god.” She’s 5. 5 years old, do you know what that means? Nothing that she says matters. She’s never said anything actually important in her entire life. I literally could have missed every word this fucking kid has ever said and nothing would be different. Everything would be exactly the same. I enjoy the things she says, they’re beautiful and poetic and I love hearing them but I don’t have to fucking hear any of it. And that’s an important distinction. If you’re a parent, you just start making it because you can’t listen to them all the time when they’re talking because they’re talking all the time. And they just talk whenever, they don’t give a shit what you’re doing, or if it’s a good time. I’m in a shootout with the cops and she’s telling me all kinds of shit. She doesn’t care because she’s 5. They’re self-absorbed people, they have no ability.. No 5 year old goes, “No go ahead and finish, I’ll tell you after it’s fine.” They just can’t. And sometimes it’s impossible. The other day I was in New York City with my kids, and I got two of these fucking things, remember that please, 2 of ’em. And we’re in crowded streets and I got this one here a 2 year old and I’m carrying… She can walk but she won’t, she’s a bullshitter. So I’m carrying her. And she weighs like 20 babies, this kid. She’s tiny but she’s got the density of a dying sun, I don’t understand how she’s this heavy. It feels like a fat raccoon holding a bowling ball, that’s what she feels like. And the pain in my shoulder is intense. And it’s sending signals to my brain like, “You don’t love her, just drop her, she doesn’t matter just let her die.” So I’m fighting that on this side. I got the 5 year old like this, I hope it’s her I haven’t looked back in about an hour. I’m just dragging somebody tiny. Through many stranger’s thighs. Breifcase corners are hitting her in the temple, I don’t give a shit. I’m in a hurry because my pocket’s vibrating and my wife is calling to see where I am even though she sent me to do this shit. And I’m yelling at my pocket like she can hear me, “I’m fucking coming, shut up!” And this one is talking the whole time, the whole time. With a tiny voice two feet off the ground. What? Am I gonna listen to this shit? Really? What? Am I gonna take a knee every 2 seconds like, “What’s that sweetie? Go ahead, what’s that?” “Excuse ME sir!” “Go ahead, it’s fine. Yeah. Yeah sometimes dogs are brown that’s very true. It’s a good thing I didn’t miss any of that shit coming out of your stupid face.” What kind of a father would I be? If I pretended to listen to that. I remember the first time my daughter said a whole sentence, that was a big deal because she had never made a whole thought by herself, she just said her little words. I was doing the dishes and I just hear, “Daddy, I don’t like chicken.” I dropped the plate, my wife and I cried and hugged. It’s a big moment. A week later, I’m making dinner and she goes, “Daddy I dont like chicken.” “Well we’re fucking having chicken, what are you talking about? I don’t like chicken, I don’t like you, I don’t like people that make me work and don’t appreciate what I make for them.” “You don’t like chicken? Then make whatever the fuck you want, get out of your shitty little plastic chair and make your own dinner, whatever it is that you want so much. “You’ll like the chicken when I shove it up your ass ’cause that’s where it’s going if you don’t eat it, seriously.” “I will grind it up in the KusineArt and blow it up your ass with a straw.” I got to feed her. She’s gotta eat. When your kid won’t eat, you just go crazy because you have a physical need to feed them, it’s an instinct. and when they’re just sitting there looking at their food, you’re like, “Just fucking eat it! You’ll die you idiot, eat the food!” “I don’t like it.” “It doesn’t matter, put it in your face.” “They have your footprint at the hospital, they know that I have you, I’m not allowed letting you die you piece of shit, eat it!” “You have a social security number, you’re on the grid motherfucker, EAT!” “If you’re skinny, I go to jail, do you understand?” And I love my kids and I’d die for them but my life fucking stinks. It just does, it is what it is. When you’re a parent, all the pleasures are gone. Nobody fucks you ever again, that shit’s just over. You can’t sleep, you don’t eat, you don’t eat meals you just fast standing up, some macaroni and cheese that she didn’t fucking eat, that’s your dinner now.” “with people yelling at you.” You don’t have any fun, your single friend is like, “Did you see that movie?” “NO I didn’t see the fucking movie, okay?” And you can’t even enjoy being a parent because there’s no pride in it because we suck at it. Everybody sucks. We make huge mistakes and then you just go, “whoops, permanent damage there, move on I guess.” My 5 year old has all these twitches and weird fears and I’m like, “good luck with that shit honey, that’s all my handiwork” “Sorry” And it gets harder too, you think it’s gonna get easier. When they’re babies you think that’s the hard part ’cause you gotta do everything. You gotta feed them, you gotta put their clothes on, you gotta put them in the car, you gotta do everything. But you think it’s gonna get easier because they’re gonna grow up and do all this shit for themselves, but they’re not. They’re gonna grow up and be able to, but they fucking won’t do it. So it’s actually easier when they’re babies ’cause when you want them to eat you just take food and shove it in their face. If you gotta put on a shoe you just take a foot and put the shoe on it. Just pull her arms through the sweater. Throw her in the car and kick the door closed. And then you get the. Parent live for the tiny vacations from their kids, like when you put your kids in the car and you close their door and that little walk around to your own door. It’s like a Carnival cruise, it’s just the greatest. [relief] and you just stand at your door like, “Okay fuck that was bad, what’d I say? That shit was bad. Okay [exhales] oh hey everybody” I was changing my daughter the other day, and she’s too old for diapers now, but she’s still in them and it’s bad because this kid does not poop, this kid craps. This is not okay anymore. I was changing her diaper the other day, it was like a 48 year old alcoholic man’s shit in her diaper. Like she was out all night drinking Jager She went to Denny’s and got a grand slam Ate half of it, got into a fight in the parking lot. Passed out in a pontiac and shit herself. Her friends drove her home with the windows open and dumped her on my lawn And now I gotta clean it and it’s crazy, and you can’t even react and go like, “What the fuck, that’s disgusting!” You’ll fuck ’em up about their own shit, you gotta be nice. You open her diaper and it’s just chaos in there, it’s just bananas, it’s just.. Every new shit amazes me, every one I’m like, “Okay wow, wha-what is that? You have been eating diarrhea for a week I think. ‘Cause that’s awful.” But you can’t, you gotta be like, “Oh.. wow, you really got something there honey, that’s really something. That’s really okay, well let me scrap that off your knees for you.” “Just down off your back, let’s get all this hazmat all in one place. Wipe you down, clean your tiny vagina in the end.” Who knew that THAT was gonna be my life. I had no idea that my relationship to the vagina was gonna be cleaning shit out of a tiny one several times a day. They don’t tell you that. When you’re getting ready to be a dad, nobody pulls you aside and says “You know you’re gonna have to clean the vagina a lot because everytime she takes a shit it goes straight up her twat.” They don’t tell you that. Nobody tells you And they should, it’s a big part in being a dad. It’s bigger than Christmas, it happens everyday. You gotta get it right, front to back. It’s very important. I’m glad I got girls though, girls are great, I don’t want to clean shit off of some kid’s balls. I’m glad that’s not my job. Boys, I feel weird about them. I have nephews and they play in the sprinkler naked with their little red dicks and I just don’t like their little penises, it bothers me. I just get this weird feeling like they’re gonna come over and fuck my nose or something with their little dicks. I know it’s an irrational fear but it’s very real to me. I’m gonna fall asleep in a lawn chair and wake up like, “Fuck what are you doing? You’re fucking my nose..” “Neheee” “Fuck get out of there! Control your kids would ya? They’re fucking my nose when I’m sleeping” Boys are hard to raise, all my sisters have boys and I just feel for them ’cause it’s really hard and really do. Here’s the thing though, girls are just as hard to raise but on a whole other level, they’re different. Here’s the difference for me between boys and girls. Boys fuck things up… Girls are fucked up. That’s the difference. Boys just do damage to your house, that you can measure in dollars like a hurricane. Girls like leave scars in your psyche that you find later like a genocide or atrocity. Like my sister-in-law came over once with her little boy, he’s like 4 years old and she’s been with him all day so she’s in bad shape. She’s got a drink and she’s like, “I can’t, I can’t do it anymore, I can’t do it.” And I put like an army blanket around her trying to calm her down. And then her little boy walks up to her. He’s got a handful of sand, I don’t know where he got it, there’s no sand in my home. He’s got a handful of it, walks up to his mom and just throws it right in her drink. It’s all she had, and he just ruined it. Really confident too, not like this, he was like, “Yeah this shit goes right there.” And I was blown away by this because I have girls, they wouldn’t even dream of doing that. It wouldn’t even enter their heads that a person could do that. But they’re fucked up. Like my 5 year old the other day, one of her toys broke. And she demanded that I break her sister’s toy to make it fair. And I did. That’s how much shit she gave me, I broke the little toy and I felt awful I was like crying. And I look at her and she’s got this creepy smile on her face. That’s the difference between boys and girls, and it becomes the difference between men and women really Because a man will like, steal your car, or burn your house down, or beat the shit outta you. But a women will ruin your fucking life. Do you see the difference? Like a man will cut your arm off and throw it in a river, but he’ll leave you as a human being intact. He won’t fuck with who you are. Women are non-violent but they will shit inside of your heart. My wife and I we’ve been married now for about 9 years now, so we’re almost done. After 9 years and 2 kids you start looking at each other like, “No. We’re not gonna just keep doing this, who would do that?” We went to therapy for a while and the therapist is like, “You should go on a date.” and I’m like, “Fuck you.” And I did go on a date with my wife and I don’t think I’m gonna call her again. It wasn’t really fun. Somethings do get easier as you’ve been married for a while, you start to understand each other better and you start looking at yourself more. You spend a lot of your marriage looking at the other person and trying to change them or figure them out and then you start realizing what you’re bringing to the table and you blame them less for shit, y’know? Like my wife will never fuck me again I know that now. I just feel differently about it, I used to get mad like, “She hasn’t fucked me in months, how could she do that to me?” Now I look at myself and I’m like, “How did she fuck me for years?!” She fucked me for years! She couldn’t possibly have enjoyed most of those fucks. Which means she took about 500 for the team. You gotta respect that shit. ‘Cause it’s hard for women to have sex if they don’t feel like it, it’s not a skill they have generally. Men have it, that’s just different, we have different sexual skills. Men can fuck whatever, we don’t care. We’ll fuck you even if we don’t like you, everybody knows that. But, we’ll fuck you even if we don’t feel like fucking you. Even if we’re not hard we’ll be like, “I’ll fuck you, give me a second, I’ll find a way.” We don’t care, we’ll fuck THINGS. We’ll fuck a rusty keyhole nailed to a donkey’s ass, we don’t give a shit. We are jizz on demand, we just don’t care. Women have another skill that they can decide whether or not to have sex with their minds, which is amazing to me. Women can decide not to fuck, in the middle of fucking. That is so weird to me, that they can just stop ’cause of some other shit that distracted them. If I’m fucking you, you could show me a picture of you cutting my mom’s head off. And I’ll be like, “Whoa, hmm. Soon as I cum, we’re gonna have a talk about that picture.” ‘Cause I need to cum, I need to. Cumming is a need, I came the first time when I was 12 and I haven’t skipped a day. I cum everyday, and I’ve fucked maybe 20 times in my life so.. It’s just been me doing most of the work. I jerk off way too much and it upsets me, I don’t know why. Maybe it’s because it’s so selfish. But I know it’s bad, I know I’m hurting somebody somewhere. I was thinking the other day that you can figure out how bad of a person you are by how soon after September 11th you masturbated, like how long you waited. And for me, it was between the two buildings going down. So I had a feeling that.. I had to do it, I had to! Otherwise they win, that’s the way I thought of it at the time. Strange thoughts for all of us. I know you all waited a whole week ’cause you’re awesome, but I just couldn’t do it. A boner is a boner, it’s gotta go, something’s gotta happen. Boners just ruin everything and I really hate boners, I hate every one I’ve every had. I remember the first one, I was 9. That’s the worst thing about a little boy’s life is that you start getting boners when you’re 9 and you don’t cum for 3 fucking years. It’s 3 years of just vicious little boners. That don’t go away, you just pass out moaning in a ditch somewhere and you wake up and you’re still hard. It’s awful! If you ever see a 9 year old on the street just give him 20 bucks ’cause he’s very unhappy. Or suck his dick, however you feel like you can help him out. I remember being 9 and being hard and not knowing why, or what to do. I just would rub my dick against stuff, that’s all I did. If I was standing in front of a car I’d just press it against the car like, “[moans] aww, it’s warm from the sun, this is good” I used to run home from school after school so I could fuck my house, I would just fuck the house. I’d fuck the walls and the floor. If you have a 9 year old boy at home, he’s fucking your house right now. ‘Cause that what we do. I had a corderoy couch, that couch was my bitch I just fucked it all day, just humping with no results just frustrated. I used to do weird things with my dick too, I’d just like close it in the refrigerator door, I don’t know why I just liked the pressure. I liked that one side was metal and the other side was that accordion-like rubber with the magnet in it, just [moans] the cold air on my balls. “This is good, this is good, I don’t know why but this is good.” I don’t know how I ever got laid really, ’cause I was awful at it, I still am. I never really understood like.. There’s guys that just have this confidence like when they go out with a girl they know when to lean in a kiss her and shit, I just couldn’t I’d be like, “[stutters] Can I fuck you?” Just blert it out.nI remember one night, I was with a girl, I was like 20 years old I was already doing stand up and I did a show in Washington D.C and after the show one of the waitresses came back to the hotel she was really cute. And we’re making out in my hotel and she’s into it, she’s like humping me, so I start putting my hand up her shirt and she stops me. So I’m like, “hm, okay.” So then we’re making out more so I start putting my hand on her ass and she stops me, so after a while she went home and nothing happened. And then the next night I saw her in the club and she goes, “Hey what happened last night?” I was like, “What?” and she’s like, “How come we didn’t have sex?” I was like, “’cause you didn’t want to.” She’s like, “Yes I did, I was really into it.” I say, “Well why did you keep stopping me?” and she goes, “’cause I wanted you to just go for it.” I was like, “What does that mean?” She says, “I’m kinda weird, I get turned on when a guy just gets frustrated and just holds me down and fucks me, like that’s a big turn on for me.” I was like, “Well you should have told me! I would have happily done that for you.” and she goes, “No, it has to feel real and dangerous.” I’m like, “What are you out of your fucking mind? You think I’m just gonna rape you on the off chance that hopefully you’re into that shit?” “What kind of idiot… I’m getting kinda a rape-y vibe from this girl, I don’t know, I suspect she might enjoy being raped, maybe that’s her thing. I don’t wanna ask first and ruin it so I’m just gonna take a shot and rape her, what the hell, what’s the worst that could happen after all?” Jesus. Anyway, that’s all history. Sex for me is gone. It’s just my wife and me. And it’s sad because my wife is beautiful, I love to look at her and feel for her. She’s gorgeous she just turned 40 and she’s awesome. And it’s not because she looks younger than 40, she looks like she’s 40 on the nose. I just like that. I never knew I would but I find it really sexy that I like “women women” she’s got grey streaks in her hair and I find that sexy, I really do. She’s got strong arms from picking up the kids, she’s strong and sexy on a whole other level. She’s changing, she smells different, she used to have blue eyes, they’re black now! She’s intense, kinda crazy looking. All these lines in her face from all the shit I did to her. She’s got character. She looks like one of those pictures from the depression of the dustbowl farmers. She’s intense, I like it, it turns me on. That’s what I like now, I like “women women.” Girls I’m done a long time ago. 22 year old girls, god bless you, go do a shot, whatever the fuck you do with your time. “Wooooo” That’s not me anymore. I like women, and I know that’s offensive to 22 year old girls like, “I’m a woman too, I’m totally a woman.” Not to me, sorry. To me, you’re not a woman until you have a couple of kids and your life is in the toilet, that’s really when you become a women. Is when people come out of your vagina and step on your dreams. If you’re still standing after that shit, you are a woman. If you’re still going to clubs and you have a pony tail and a little dress and you’re standing outside of a club waiting to get in and it’s 2 degrees, you’re like “It’s gonna be great in there!” You’re a girl. I wanna give you a sweater and a ride home, I don’t wanna fuck you. I’ll jerk off to you but I don’t wanna fuck you and get involved. I do wanna fuck you but you won’t fuck me so fuck you anyway. I would, oh I’d totally fuck you. But- There’s just a difference between girls and women and it’s not just age, there’s a reason why they call it “Girl’s Gone Wild” You notice there’s not women gone wild, ’cause no one would fucking by the wild women dvd. Because when girls go wild, they show their tits to people. When women go wild, they kill men and drown their kids in a tub, that’s what wild women do. They don’t show their tits to no body, they fuck with their bras on, it’s a whole other thing. Try taking your 40 year old wife’s picture when she comes outta the shower, “Fuck you, get the fuck outta here.” It’s not funny, you thought it would be cute like “Don’t” she’s like “FUCK OFF” “Sorry..” ‘Cause she doesn’t have tits anymore, she has breasts that need to be checked and maintained. I get bills for my wife’s breasts that’s some grown up woman shit right there. Girl’s have the titties with the little perky nipples, and that’s awesome. But you’re not a woman until you get long chewed up nipples. And you’re not a man until you’ve sucked one of those fucking things either by the way. Thank you very much folks, I hope you had a good time. Thank you, good night.

Alright, let’s get started. Go ahead, sit down. Okay, yes, sit down, we’re just starting. There’s no opening act. Fuck it. Just, let’s start. Let’s just start. Get your seats. Get your beers and everybody go ahead, sit down. Kill the house lights. Let’s just start. Let’s just start a show. There’s no point in screwing around.nI’ll do all the announcements that you would have heard. Please turn off your cell phones. You can take pictures but turn off the flash. That’s stupid, because it’s not– You know when you’re watching the World Series and there’s all that– Like your flash is lighting Yankee Stadium. Just leave your flash off.nDon’t yell out during the show. If you have something you want to say to me… This is what we do. We write it down and then you go outside in the lobby and then you go home and you kill yourself because, that’s selfish. This is a rhetorical performance. It’s got nothing to do with you.nDon’t text or twitter during the show. Just live your life. Don’t keep telling people what you’re doing. Just, because also– also– it lights up your big dumb face. It lights it up. I see this beautiful see of darkness and then just one guy. So, don’t do that.nWhat else? No Jews, I think they said that earlier. They told me I have to say it. Jews aren’t allowed. If you’re Jewish this is a good time to go. If you see somebody kind of Jewey looking then please tell an usher and they will– Sir, come on. Let’s go. Come on. Yes, let’s go. But, I’m really glad you’re here. This is a sizeable crowd. This is a big place. There’s about 2500 people here, and that’s– That’s a lot of people. That’s enough people to be a sample of the population. 2500 people is enough people that you’re all going to experience– There’s enough people here to say that within two months at least one of you will die. I’m just saying. I think it’s probably accurate to say that out of any random group of 2500 people not all of you are gonna make it to Christmas, unfortunately. There’s gonna be– At least one of you here tonight is going to ruin your family’s Christmas by dying a shitty death. And I don’t know who it is, I’m sorry. I don’t know, your death is whatever– Some people, they want you to do things when they die with their– “I want you to take my ashes and sprinkle–” Fuck you, I’m not doing none of that shit. You’re dead. I’m not going to run errands for you after you’re dead. You don’t matter anymore. Some people try to do something noble with their bodies. They try to have their bodies have some use after they’re dead, which I think is a good thought. You’re only borrowing your body. You’re only borrowing everything. If you’re body’s worth anything when you’re done with it you should pass it on. That’s something I really believe. I mean, I’m not going to do it, because I don’t want–eew–it’s mine. I don’t want– I have a lot of beliefs and I live by none of them. That’s just the way I am. They’re just my beliefs. I just like believing them. I like that part. They’re my little believies. They make me feel good about who I am. But if they get in the way of a thing I want or I want to jack off or something, I fucking do that. But– But some people take their– my grandma, uh, grandmother She–just, uh, for the layman– My grandmother, she gave her body to a medical school for it just to be examined and dissected, which is a good thought for that. But you know her survivors are–her family— That was a person. That was my grandmother. She used to wear glasses and say things. And now she’s just shaved head on a metal table with a hungover medical student trying to dig our her pancreas. And he gets an “F”. Imagine being the body where the kid got an “F” on you. The teacher’s like, “No, you idiot.” And he writes “F” on her tit with a Sharpie and just throws her down a shoot on a pile of “F” bodies. So, I don’t care about her. [shout from audience] Louis! Shut up, idiot. Just shut your fucking mouth. Didn’t you hear me before? Okay, so what am I going to do with my body. I’m going to die and I have to tell people what to do with my remains. I have an idea for something to do with my body or for other people to do with it, that will do good in the world. It doesn’t exist yet as an institution but I’m gonna create it, starting with my body. What it is, it’s a place where you can go and be with a dead body and you just do whatever you want. And– the point of this is that there are people out there who have sexual compulsions and they can’t control them and so they go and they bother alive people. And with this you get it out of your system. This is the deal. You go in the room. There’s nobody else with you. You’ve got 90 minutes. You just do whatever you want, whatever it is. Shit in my mouth. You want to– Stick my toe in your pussy. Piss on my face. Whatever is the thing you gotta do. Jack off with the cartilage of my ear. Whatever is your heart’s desire. I want to be the Willy Wonka for perverts. [singing] You can come on my back and pretend that I’m your father. [singing] I am dead, I don’t mind. Sexual perversion is a problem. You can’t stop it. People gotta do what they gotta do. This country is pretty perverted. We have to jack off to everything. There’s not sex and then everything. Sex is in everything. You watch the news and there’s a woman telling you, “And in Libya…” Yeah tell me about Libya. Fucking tell me about Libya. Say, “Libya” again. Come on, fucking right up to the screen, on my flatscreen. Come on, say, “Libya” again. [grunting] It should just be a person, “In Libya…” or whatever. Why does it all have to be so sexualized? And music, every musician is attractive. Isn’t that a weird coincidence that everyone who can play music also looks good? I would have thought there’d be one ugly guy with a guitar who would be amazing. But, fucking zero. And there’s teen pop idols who are children. And they’re on TV going– It’s a kid and folks are jacking off to them. “Folks.” Just “Folks” are jacking off. [singing] Well, folks are jacking off to the girls on TV. Some of them are really young. I don’t know their names. I don’t have that knowledge anymore. I’m too old. When I think of a teen idol, there’s Britney Spears. Because she’s my age now. That’s how long ago that was. She caught up to me. When I was 35, she was 18. And now we’re both 44 years old. So that’s how little I know about who these people are. I was thinking the other day, what if there was a baby who was born and there’s been a lot of fucked up babies, all kinds of babies born. There’s been babies connected at the face, to a dog or whatever, babies with three legs, with hands on them. There’s been Chinese babies. That’s– Okay, that’s– That’s the worst thing I ever said. I think I just finally said the worst thing I have ever said. That was totally unredeeming and horrible. And it feels good. It feels good to have found bottom. There’s a comfort in knowing that I just said the worst thing I’ll ever say in the rest of my life. [exhaling] It’s good. All right. Yeah, I’m not a good guy. I am not. I wish I was a good guy. I like the idea of being a good guy. Sometimes I have the opportunity to be a good guy and then I don’t necessarily do it. I was on a plane once and I was flying first class, because I had a thing. I first class. Who cares? Just– That’s the way it is. I don’t– I’m not like you. I’m not. I’m not. All the things you do, I do a better version of all those things. And– It’s only for another year at the most, believe me. It’s not gonna last. It’s been about eight months. I’ve got a year left and then I’m back to being just like you. But for now, it’s pretty good. I’m in a first class seat and first class is so crazily better. It’s so much better. You get a bigger seat. You get food. But also, you get to sit first. You get to sit before anybody else does. They sit you down and you get to just sit there with champagne and watch all the sweaty, miserable, all the single moms hefting their stroller and the kid. “That looks heavy and nobody’s helping you. That’s a drag.” And you get to just– Anyway, so I’m on the plane.nI’m in first class and this soldier gets on the plane. I see soldiers fly all the time because that’s how they get to the war. They fly on a shitty airline. You think they get to go on a cool green plane with a red light. “Go! Go! Go!” No, they just go to Delta. And they just wait in line to go to a war. And they always fly coach. I’ve never seen a soldier in first class in my life. It could be a full bird colonel, he’s between two fat guys in coach. And they’re always nice. I’ve never seen a soldier get on a plane– “Hey, I’m in the Army.” “Fuck you. I have a gun.” They’re always, “Oh, yes sir. Thank you very much ma’am.” It’s like having an extra flight attendant. They help everybody put their shit up. They’re awesome. And every time that I see a soldier on a plane, I always think, You know what, I should give him my seat. It would be the right thing to do. It would be easy to do and it would mean a lot to him. I could go up to him, “Hey, Son.” I get to call him, “Son.” “Hey, son, go ahead and take my seat.” Because I’m in first class, why, for being a professional asshole. I’m in first class because I talk about babies with big dicks. That’s what got me my seat. This guy is giving his life for the country, he thinks, and so he has to sit– But that’s good enough. That’s good enough, the fact that he thinks it. I’m serious. He’s fucking told by everybody in his life system that that’s a great thing to do and he’s doing it. And it’s scary but he’s doing it. And he’s sitting in this shitty seat and I should trade with him. I never have. Let me make that clear. I’ve never done it once. I’ve had so many opportunities. I never even really, seriously came close. And here’s the worst part. I still just enjoy the fantasy for myself to enjoy. I was actually proud of myself for having thought of it. I was proud. Ah, I am such a sweet man. That is so nice of me to think of that and then totally never do it. At least you should be good just to the people– Just turn a good face to the people that you see in life. I don’t do that either because when I get in the elevator in my building– That’s my first contact with human beings after being home and just being disgusting for hours. Then I come out of the elevator and there’s always a guy on the elevator who’s nice. And I hate it. I get really upset when people say nice things to me. That’s not a good impulse. I get in the elevator and there’s always this one guy who just– He sticks his face right in the front of his fucking head. “Hi!” He just floats it out there like a big balloon. “Hey, how’s it going?” I get upset. I get cagey. I get this weird impulse that I want to come on his face. I don’t know why that’s the thing, but that’s what I think about. I wish I could just secrete come without the sexual workup, like as a defense, like a squid or a skunk. Not sexually. I mean aggressively. “Hi!” [spurt] “Jesus, man.” “You just came in my eye.” I just want to go downstairs. I don’t want to talk. Alright, this is going a little off the rails. I don’t remember what I was trying to say. I’d like to be a better person. I would. I’d like to be a better person. And I think I’m getting worse as a person. Because as you get older you start finding out– Let me give you an example. I rented a car a couple weeks ago, in Los Angeles I had the car for a few days and then when I went home I had to drop the car at the rental place. You gotta go to the rental place that’s off the airport, give them the car, give them your thing with the mileage. You gotta get on a bus and then go to your terminal and check in. I was late and I was worried about missing my flight. So I knew I had no time to do any of that. So I just –I never did this before– I just drove my car right to the terminal and just left it there. Then I got on the plane. Once I got on the plane and had a moment I called Hertz and I said, Hey, listen, your car is sitting out in front of terminal four and the keys are in it. So, that’s where it is.” And the guy’s like, “You can’t do that.” “You have to return it to the location and then get–” Well, I didn’t do that already, and now I’m leaving California. So if you want your car you need to go to that place where it is. And he was like, “Awww, Jesus man.” “Well, alright. We’ll get it.” And he– That was the end of it. And I realized I could do this every time, every time I rented a car. Because of course they want you to do all that shit. But if you don’t they still want the car back. They’re going to send a dude. You could drive a car until you don’t want it. Just get out of it while it’s moving and just walk away. No, I don’t feel like being in that car any longer. Just call Hertz. Hi, your car is drifting into the intersection of 28th and Broadway, if you’re interested. It’s now your problem. But see, this is a terrible realization because you should act in a way that if everybody acted that way things would work out. You should, because it would be mayhem if everybody was like that. And most people kind of don’t care. Most people are very selfish. Most people don’t give a shit what happens as long as they get to do their favorite thing. People don’t even want to back off from their favorite thing. They won’t even do their second favorite thing. You ever seen somebody in trouble, like they’re at an intersection and they want to make a left, but they’re in the right– the all the way right lane because they messed up. So, here’s the guy. He’s in the right lane. And there’s a lot cars, like 6th avenue. A lot of cars. And he wants to make that left. So what does he do? He just does it anyway. He just goes at it. He just shoves his car through everybody’s life without any– And everybody’s honking and outraged and you always see they guy go, “I have to. I have to.” “There’s no other possible thing I could do.” “What else could I do, except go up one more block and then go left and take four seconds.” “That’s not my favorite way, though!” “That only meets 99% of my criteria.” But I’m selfish. I would like to be a better person, because I have kids. And I want to pass on a better– Sometimes it’s not clear what the right thing is to do. One time I threw a candy wrapper on the street. I didn’t do it like, “Yeah!” I just– Yeah, take that shit, street. I did it because I was shaking. I wanted the candy. Anyway, I was with a friend who said to me, “You just littered on the street. Don’t you care about the environment?” And I thought about it and I said, You know what, this isn’t ‘The Environment’. This is New York City. This is not ‘The Environment’. This is where people live. New York City is not the environment. New York City is a giant piece of litter. It’s the giantest, next to Mexico City, the shittiest piece of litter in the world. Just a pussy, runny, smoking, stinking piece of litter. So if you have a piece of litter, what are you supposed to do with it? You should throw it on the pile of litter. Because if you don’t, if you put it in a receptacle then it gets collected and it gets taken to a dump and a landfill and then it goes on a boat. And it goes out and gets dumped in the ocean and some dolphin wears it as a hat on its face for ten years, this hat that never dissolves, on its face. Ugh. Jesus. [dolphin clicking] Everything that we introduce to the world is shitty… …meaning white people. Because– I really think that white people are from another planet because when we came to America, it was so nice. It was just Indians. And they weren’t even Indians. We called them that by accident. And we still call them that. We knew in a month that it wasn’t Indians but we just don’t give a shit. We never correct it. We came here. They’re like, “Hi.” And we’re like, “Hey, you’re Indians, right?” And they’re like, “No.” “No, this is India, right?” “No, it’s not. It’s a totally other place.” “You’re not Indians?” “No.” “Ahh, you’re Indians.” “You’re Indians for hundreds of years after.” We ruined everything here. This was the great– It was just coast-to-coast green, brown and beautiful. And all the humans were just walking around with painted faces, just walking. And they’d be like, “Oh, that looks yummy.” And they’d just eat from the ground. And then they’d sleep on the grass. And they’d wake up and they’d fuck. And then they’d go for a swim and do a little dance. That was the whole continent, just folks doing that. I mean there was people in Mexico cutting off kids’ heads and rolling them down the pyramid stairs. But that’s– I mean… That’s always going on. You know– You can’t do a whole lot about that. But I think we came from another planet and the reason is we don’t like it here. Why, if we’re from here, if we belong on Earth, why aren’t we comfortable on Earth, at all? We need nice smooth surfaces and right angles and we need it to be cool and not too hot, just a little dit-dit just perfect. Why wouldn’t, when it’s hot, why wouldn’t we just– “Yeah, fuck it.” Why wouldn’t we be like that if we belonged here? And it’s weird because people that are– You know, there’s environmentalists and there’s people who just hate environmentalists. People get angry at environmentalists because they think they’re slowing down the economy and creating restrictions and a lot of these people are Christian. A lot of these people are very devout Christians and that’s such a confusing thing to me, that if you believe that God gave you the Earth, that God created Earth for you, why would you not have to look after it? Why the fuck– Why would you not think that when he came back he wouldn’t go, “What the fuck did you do?” “I gave this to you, motherfucker. Are you crazy?” “The polar bears are brown.” “What did you do to the polar bears?” “Did you shit all over every polar bear?” “What did you–who did this? Who spilled this shit? Who spilled this?” “Come over here. Did you fucking spill this? What is that?” “It’s oil. It’s just some oil. I didn’t mean to spill–” “Well why did you take it out of the fucking ground?” “Because I wanted to go faster.” “I’m not fast enough.” “And I was cold.” “What the fuck do you mean, ‘cold’?” “I gave you everything you needed, you piece of shit.” “Well, because jobs, and I wanted–” “What is a job? Explain to me, what’s a fucking job?” “Well, like you work at a place and people call when their game doesn’t work and you help them figure it out.” “What do you do that for?” “For money.” “What do you need money for?” “Food.” “Just eat the shit on the floor.” “I left shit all over the floor.” “Fucking corn and wheat and shit. Grind it up, make some bread. What are you doing?” “Yeah, but it doesn’t have, like, bacon around it.” “And like– I like when it has bacon on it.” I watched somebody do that the other day after a meal they went, “Oh, it was just–” And I started wondering, what does that mean? What does that signify? I think what it means is that you ate something so delicious that you then kissed somebody on the asshole and their asshole exploded. That’s some good eating. That’s a nice sauce. “Is that good?” “Yeah, let me show you.” “Shit. Let me have some of that.” That just destroyed my anus. Anyway, I got kids and that’s sort of what I’m trying to say. It’s hard having kids because it’s boring. That really is the hardest part of having kids. Ask any parent, What’s the hard part? Is it looking after their health care? Is it making sure that their education– No, it’s being with them on the floor while they be children. It’s just– They read Clifford the Big Red Dog to you at a rate of 50 minutes a page. And you have to sit there and be horribly proud and bored at the same time. I hate Clifford the Big Red Dog. I hate him. There’s 50 books about Clifford the Big Red Dog. Fifty books. There’s seven books about Narnia that cover the birth and death of a nation and mice with swords and a lion who’s a god. They did it in seven books. Fifty books about Clifford the Big Red Dog, and they all tell the exact same story. Look how big this dog is. That’s it. Look how big this dog is. That’s the whole book. Here’s how big he was at the firehouse. Here’s how big he was at Thanksgiving. Who gives a shit? You just drew him big. You just, on purpose, made him bigger than people. It should be, “Look how big I drew the dog in this book.” “Isn’t that a mistake?” There’s no story. You maybe even just drew him closer to the page. I don’t even know if you did it honestly. Tell a story about Clifford. Make something happen, where maybe he steps on a policeman and shatters his spine and it’s devastating to the community. He hangs on for two months and then dies. And there’s a whole, you know, funeral with bagpipes and everybody’s crying. And Clifford gets the death penalty. There’s a whole book about his appeal process and how he found Jesus but everybody said it was bullshit. The cop’s wife was like, “I want that dog dead!” And then he goes to the chair and they shave all his red fur off and now he’s Clifford the Big Pink Dog. Put him on a big funny electric chair that the town got together and built. It’s boring having kids. You gotta play kid games. You gotta play board games, little kid board games where you– And then you go dit-dit-dit You got a six, honey. One. Two. Three. It’s just here. Just go here. It’s just– Daddy, I’m learning. I know. You’re going to grow up stupid because I’m bored. I can’t take it, baby. I can’t. I can’t watch it. I’m bored more than I love you. I can’t. I just– Come on. My girls are six and nine now. They’re actually a really exciting age because they’re learning to do some cool stuff. I played Monopoly with my kids. That’s really fun. My nine year old, she can totally do Monopoly. The six year old actually totally gets how the game works but she’s not emotionally developed enough to handle her inevitable loss in every game of Monopoly. Because, a Monopoly loss is dark. It’s heavy. It’s not like when you lose at Candyland. Oh, you got stuck in the fudgey thing, baby. Oh, well. You’re in the gummy twirly-ohs and you didn’t get to win. But when she loses at Monopoly I gotta look at her little face and go, Okay, sweetie, here’s what’s gonna happen now, okay? All your property, everything you have, all your railroads, your houses, all your money, that’s mine now. Gotta give it all to me. No, give it to me. That’s right. No, no you can’t play anymore, see, because even though you’re giving me all of that it doesn’t even touch how much you owe me. It doesn’t even touch it, baby. You’re going down hard. It’s really bad. All you’ve been working for all day, I’m going to take it now and I’m going to use it to destroy your sister. I mean, I’m going to ruin her. It’s just mayhem on this board for her now. When you have kids you also have to belong to kid and parent culture. You have to know a lot of parents and a lot of other kids. You have to hang out with other kids. Sometimes they’re not even kids you know. When I go to parks with my kids, I play with them. I play with my kids. Some people don’t do that. They just take their kids to the park so they don’t have to talk to them, and those kids kind of glom on to our shit. I’ll be sitting at the park playing a fun game with my kids and there’s this woman on a bench. She’s got her phone and she’s just staring at her phone. And her kid’s like, “Mommy, talk to me.” “Leave me alone. I’m trying to cheat on your father! Stop it!” And then the kid comes up to us, “Can I be in your family?” It’s creepy. One time I was at a swimming pool with my kids, a public pool. I had my daughter, my six year old, on my arm like this. She was like clamped on, and she’s kicking. It was so much fun. And then she got off and another random child just clamped on. It’s like a rat. Get off of me. “But I love you.” I don’t know you, kid. Stop. I think that kid’s dead. I don’t know what happened. Some kids in my kid’s class, I like some of those kids. Some of those kids are cool. They come over to my house and they play with my–I like them. Other kids I don’t like, especially the little boys. Little boys in my kid’s class, I hate them. I hate little boys. I’m like the opposite of a pedophile. I just hate– There’s one kid in my daughter’s class who I hate so much, and it’s really fucked up because I’m 44 and I hate a six year old. I mean, I hate him with a grown-up, pre-occupying hate. I’ve thought about him three times since I came out here. That’s how much I really hate this kid. I’m going to tell you about him and I have to make up a name because he’s a real child who lives in this city, so I have to make up a name in order to tell this story about him. His name is just, Jezanthepuss. Let’s just call him Jezanthepuss. Jezanthepuss. Fine. Okay. He’s in my daughter’s class. They’re in first grade. When we take our kids to class, there’s a little procedure. You bring your kid to school and they have their backpack and their jacket and they go to their cubby and take it all off and they put it in the cubby. Then they take their homework folder and their lunchbox and put them in the bins. Those are their little responsibilities. You help them do it so they’ll, blah blah blah. But, Jezanthepuss– When he comes in he doesn’t do none of that shit. He just walks in and just sheds it all. And his mom, his weak, piece of shit mom picks it all up. I hate his mother because you hate a weak parent, when you’re a parent. Because it’s like you’re raising Hitler, motherfucker. Do your job! Get in there. If our parent group and our class were a platoon of soldiers, she’d be the one that we’d put soap bars in socks and– We’d frag that bitch in her sleep. She would wash right the fuck out. She wouldn’t make it. When Jezanthepuss drops his shit, this bitch picks it up. She just goes, “He just… I’ll get…” “I’ll get it…” “And then I’ll put it in the bins for him.” And she puts it all away for him, which frees him up to punch other kids in the face because he’s a shitty, horrible, violent child. One time I was at school, and I was volunteering at recess. It’s something you do, you know, if you’re a good parent, about once a month or whatever it is. You go to school and you just stand there and you watch recess. You masturbate, whatever you want to do. That is now the worst thing. That’s the worst thing. Now that’s the worst thing I ever said. Okay. Alright. We’ll find it. I mean you could. It’s a public school nobody would even give a shit. But, I haven’t thus far. It hasn’t gotten that bad. Anyway, I’m watching recess and recess is a trip. If you’ve never been to recess, it’s intense because it’s like the universe. You know if you watch the ocean crash, waves on the beach for a long time, you start feeling like you’re understanding how everything works. That’s what recess is like, because every natural, chaotic energy is represented at recess. There’s kids swirling around in these big roiling crazy things. There’s one kid just spazzing out just to some singularity kid. It’s a binary system of two kids holding hands and they’re running and just clotheslining every child of a certain height. They’re keeping a uniform height to the playground. So I’m watching recess and I see Jezanthepuss. And he’s walking with this evil– This kid is like evil stuck out of time. He’s like– I always picture him in a gray fur coat with bones in it, and lots of rings from people that he killed, and just walking. And then I see my daughter and she’s standing there, just by herself. And there’s Jezanthepuss and I know he’s going for her. It was like an action movie thriller thing. And I think to myself, I gotta go there and I gotta protect her. But then I thought, let him do a little something first. Let him do just a little something, because I want this kid in my life. I want a reason. I want aerial photos of him doing some shit to my family that I can bring to the U.N. and get authority to waterboard this little motherfucker. I want to– I want to get him on a flight to Venezuela with an envelope on his head and duct tape and all that shit. So, anyway, he goes for her, grabs her arm, starts twisting it. She goes, “Ahhh!” I run over. I’m just knocking kids over. I run, grab him. I look in his little face and I go, Listen to me, Jezanthepuss. If you ever, ever, in your life, touch her again– And as I’m doing this I realize this is not cool that doing this. This is totally inappropriate. It’s really wrong. It’s way over the top. It’s too grown up. It’s like he’s a drug dealer in my building that I finally fucking– “This ends now, motherfucker or I will cut you. I don’t care.” And he’s– He starts crying pitifully. And I just, I really did this, I just walked away from him. I just got away. And then all the teachers– everybody gathers around. Jezanthepuss, what’s wrong with you? And he’s like– And he couldn’t articulate it because he’s not getting educated. Fuck him. I was there going, Yeah, you could have told on me bitch, but you’re too stupid now, which is your own fault, you future ditchdigging piece of shit. Oh, I’m going to love watching you grow up into nothing, motherfucker. I’m gonna watch it. I’m gonna fuck your mom and not call her too. I’m gonna ruin her summer. I’m gonna fuck your mom twice and then never call her. I don’t know your dad because he ran out on you, but I’m gonna find him. I’m gonna turn myself gay and then I’m going to fuck him too. I’m gonna fuck– I’m gonna suck his dick so good that he just has to change his whole life. And I’m gonna move into a place with him in the village for a couple of months and totally– He’ll cut off ties to all his life and start wearing cut-offs that are really tight. And he’ll just– And then I’ll go to some Christian turn-you-not-gay place. And then I’ll come back and go, “What’s wrong with you faggot?” Make him feel bad inside, like what has he done. But you gotta protect your kids, you know. You gotta. You gotta protect your kids. You gotta do it, man. A lot of people will talk the talk. A lot of people say that shit. “I would throw myself under a bus for my–” Oh, yeah, would you fuck another kid’s dad, and confuse him sexually, and yourself sexually in the process, and use homophobia that you hate, against another person, just because some kid shoved your kid for a second? That’s my baby girl. I gotta do it, son. I gotta suck that dick. That’s my baby girl. I gotta do it for her. Alright. Alright. Alright, I hate that child. That’s what I’m trying to say. I’ve been thinking about my memories because I have kids now. And my kids are at an age where I remember being their age. I remember being a six year old. I remember being a nine year old. And that’s a big threshold that my kids have crossed, that I remember being their age. Because when you’re raising kids, you’re not raising the kid in front of you. You’re raising the grown up that they’re going to be later. And I was a kid once. When they were babies, I didn’t really relate to them because they’re babies. A baby is not going to remember shit that is happening to it. If you have a baby, keep it alive and enjoy yourself. But really, the baby doesn’t– It’s not going to matter. A baby is not accumulating anything. It’s like an Etch A Sketch that you shake every day. It doesn’t really– It doesn’t matter. You could go up to your baby’s face every day and say, “Fuck you, baby.” every day and it wouldn’t matter. Hey, baby! You could do that every day and it wouldn’t matter. I mean, they’ll grow up with a general sadness inside. But they won’t– They won’t actually remember why. And memories are weird because memories get distorted by who you are now and who you were when you experienced them. I remember when I first started doing stand-up. I was living in Boston and there was one club that was owned by a gay guy. And my memory is that that guy was always trying to fuck me. That’s my memory. I’ve carried it for 20 years. There was a gay guy who tried to fuck me all the time. And recently I caught up with an old friend of mine from those days, who I hadn’t seen in years. And we started talking about different people and he brought him up. And I said, “That guy always used to try to fuck me.” And he goes, “He did?” And I was like, “Yeah.” And he goes, “Really? Did he–” “I mean, did he like take you to his house or something and really try to physically…” No, it’s just that, you know what I mean. He was trying to fuck me all the time.” And he was like, “Well did he say– Did he push you– and say stuff all the time and make you uncomfortable?” No, it just was– And as we went through it, the truth came out. The whole story really was, there once was a gay man. That’s it. That’s really what happened. He was gay. I was 19. And now, “He tried to fuck me all the time.” I went through life with that. But I’ve been trying to remember my first memory. How far do my memories go? And I remembered my first memory. I was four years old. I was standing in front of my parents’ house and I was shitting in my pants. I was just shitting a massive, terribly painful shit. And I was half way through the shit. That’s my first memory, being half way– The first half of the shit, I don’t remember it. That’s still in the ether of infancy. The center of this shit was so wide that I actually came online as a result of the anal pain that I was experiencing. It actually awakened me –Yee-aahhh– into the stream of consciousness that I’m now living. That’s how my life started. That’s who I am. A lot of my memories I don’t like. I don’t like– When I was a teen-ager I hated all that time. I hated being a teen-ager, and then I discovered drugs. And then that’s all I gave a shit about. I don’t know how I’m gonna tell my kids. How the fuck do you compete with that. How do you take a miserable person with no control over their lives and tell them with a straight face, Uh, You can’t do drugs. You can’t do that, baby. All drugs are, are a perfect solution to every problem you have right now. How do you beat that? Drugs are so fucking good that they’ll ruin your life. That’s how good they are. I can’t do drugs now because I’m 44 and I can’t hook it up. I can’t make that happen. If you’re 44 and you want to get high, you gotta hurt your back. That’s pretty much the only option you have. Hurt your back, get some Percoset. And then get a babysitter and take three at a diner. Just, sad. I’m a little drowsy, woooo! I never really could have– I wish I was a drunk. I love romantically the idea of being a real drunk, in my bathrobe all day. Everybody who love’s me is always crying. “He’s destroying himself. I can’t watch anymore.” Shut up then. Showing up at my kids school play half way through. “You show ’em who you are, baby.” I wish I could be that guy. But I can’t drink because I just get tired. I go to sleep. I don’t know how people drink and then do shit. When I see movies or TV shows where there’s people in an office having a power meeting and they’re –clink clink– They’re making a drink in the daylight with a tie on. “Well, Senator, I hope you play ball with us on this construction deal, if you know what I’m saying.” “Yeah, we’ll see what’s in it for me.” How is the next scene not all those people just lying on the floor going, “Oh, fuck” “I can’t believe I drank whiskey at noon.” I can’t smoke pot because– It’s the same thing. I’m too old for it. Sometimes young people come up to me after shows. “Hey, do you want to smoke some pot.” I’m like, Can I get my portion to smoke without you, alone, later, because I don’t want to stand in a parking lot with some twenty year-olds. Last time I got high I was in Kansas City. And I got high because I was in Kansas City. It was shitty. So after the show, these kids that worked at the club were like, “You want to smoke some pot?” I’m like, “Yes.” So, I’m standing in a parking lot with these kids, like 20 years old, and we’re smoking a joint. And I’m taking huge hits because I had no idea. I didn’t know they had been working on this shit like it’s the cure for cancer. I didn’t understand the fucking technology that’s gone into making pot so powerful. Because when I was a kid you could just smoke a joint for a while. Now you take two hits and you go insane. It’s not doable anymore. And I was taking big hits, like big 1970’s, jean jacket, Bad Company hits. [singing] Here come the Jesters, one, two, three. [singing] It’s all part of my fantasy. And I’m like, “Yeah” And even the kid with the wooden hole of no ear the absense of flesh in his ear, with wood. I don’t know what that is. Even he was like, “You should be careful. That’s a lot of pot. That’s very strong marijuana.” Yeah, I’m fine. [singing] “Running with the devil.” And in about ten seconds, everything just– And I’m like, “Oh, shit.” This is an ordeal now. I’m not going to feel okay for a very long time. [sigh] And everybody’s just standing around and talking. And I’m hoping, I’m really hoping, that I look like this. But I’m pretty sure that I was just scanning insanely. I was actually counting. Look at her for five… four… three… two… …one. Switch to him. Five… four… three… …two. Randomize. Don’t go in the same direction. Five… four… …three. Nod your head. That looks like you’re listening if you nod your head. And at one point I realized, I need to get out of here, because the air is hitting my arm weirdly and they can tell. They totally know that I am not handling the way air is touching my arm right now. Why am I doing that with my hand. That’s weird to do with your hand. Nobody stands like this. Nobody stands like this. Just fucking– No, that’s also– That’s weird too. That’s crazy. Just– Shit. I gotta go. But I didn’t know how to leave, because I had this dilema. We’re all standing in a perfect circle, facing each other. And I thought it’s going to be insane if I just turn my– I’m one person with my back now. Do I just back away like this and hope that they fill in? And then I thought, no, say something. Say something out loud to them that smooths the transition of you leaving. Okay, what do I say? Pick a thing to say. Goodbye. That’s a nightmare. That’s just… Goodbye? That’s not even– that’s just noises. Finally I walked away and I said, “I’m leaving!” I know it was that bad because they all went, “Whoa. Shit. Okay. Alright. Whoa.” I’ll never see those people again as long I live. And then I had to get in the car. I forgot that I had rented a car and I have to drive back to the hotel. And I’m driving on this highway in Missouri. And at one point I realized, I think it’s been about 25 minutes since I had looked out the front window of this car. I’ve just been dealing with shit directly in– Oh, shit. There’s a whole spectrum of responsibility out here. I’m supposed to take part in this. And then at one point I remember I was at a drive through, and I was terrified. Because there’s a lady sticking her head out a window. And she’s mad. She’s going, “Sir!” “Sirrr!” I just kept saying, I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know! I had the window closed. I had no fucking idea. What part of the transaction am I–? Did I pay yet? Have I ordered? Have I been sitting here for 40 minutes just eating at the window, and I ate the paper and everything? “Sirrr!” And I just went, I don’t know! I don’t want it! And I just fucking bolted. So I can’t do that anymore. But you get older and some things you can’t do anymore. Some things you don’t want to do anymore. It’s a nice change. You feel some desires fall away. New things make you happy. But some things don’t change and some things I’m sick of. Like the constant just the constant perverted, sexual thoughts. I’m so tired of those. Just the constant– Suck it. It just makes me into an idiot. I’m jacking off to morons. “Look at my tits.” Yeah, your tits are awesome. It’s just a dumb part of life that I’m sick of. It’s all day too. It’s just– You can’t have a day. I just want to be a person in clothes walking in a store and just– I just want to go to the library and ask for– Hi, ma’am, is there– I’m looking for a book about early Abraham Lincoln, like when he was– I wish I could wrap your hair around my dick and– Oh, shit. I’m trying to talk to her! [sigh] That’s really a male problem. It’s really a male problem, not being able to control your constant sexual impulse. Women try to compete. “Well, I’m a pervert. You don’t know.” “I have really sick sexual thoughts.” No, you have no idea. You have no idea. See, you get to have those thoughts. I have to have them. You’re a tourist in sexual perversion. I’m a prisoner there. You’re Jane Fonda on a tank. I’m John McCain in the hut. It’s a nightmare. I can’t lift my arms. And for men, sex just is such a constant thing. It’s not even sex to us. It’s just pussy. That’s what we call it. Pussy… it has nothing to do with women. It’s not about girls or chicks like it was in the 50’s. There’s no guys anywhere in the world saying, “Let’s go meet some chicks and kiss them on the mouth and see what happens.” There’s none of that. “Mmmm, I sure would like to have my arm around a girl.” “Mmmm, Vanessa, I love–” No, it’s not. It’s just pussy. Pussy. It’s not even a pussy. It’s not some peoples’ pussies. It’s just pussy. Like big pink balloon letters in front of our faces all the time. To men it’s just an element of the universe, like it should be on the chart of the elements next to tin and ammonia. P-y with an atomic weight of 12 or whatever pussy atoms weigh. The sad thing is that for all our obsession about sex and how much we love it, we suck at it. Men are terrible at sex. It never even occurs to us to do it well. Women just make sex great. Women are the good part of sex. They accept the dick with grace and they turn it into art. Or they climb on and they ride. They go for a ride. Men don’t. We just climb on. [grunting] I’m putting my dick in you. Put it in. Shove it in. Shove it. [grunting] You ever fuck when you’re out of shape? You’re like, “Ugh, shit. This is–” My stomach muscles are not strong. [grunting]nWe’re so bad at sex and then we wonder why women aren’t really aggressive about sex. We think it’s because they don’t have as much desire as we do. That’s how stupid men are. We think they’re just weird. “Women are fucked up in the head, because they don’t want to just fuck all the time.” “If I was a women, I’d just fuck everybody.” “Why don’t they want to fuck all the time? I do.” Of course you do, because when you fuck, you get to fuck a woman. When she fucks, she has to fuck a guy. Wildly different experience. For a man, 100% of the time he’s fucking a woman it’s the greatest thing that ever happened in his entire life. For a woman, about 40% of the time she’s being fucked by a guy she’s thinking, “I’ll get over this in a week. It’s not the worst thing.” “I’m not going to cry this time.” Another thing that proves how bad men are at sex is that after sex you’re looking at two very different people. The man just wants to lay there and be cool and the woman wants to cuddle. It’s something that men love to make fun of women for. “They always want to cuddle. It’s so needy.” “I already fucked you. Just let me watch the game.” “I’m so cool.” “What are you thinking about?” “Shut up. Leave me alone.” “Why is she so needy?” She’s not needy, you idiot. She’s horny, because you did nothing for her. You did absolutely nothing. Her pussy is on fire because it’s gone unfucked completely. Of course you’re fine, because you climbed on and went– and then rolled off. And she’s on you because she’s going, “What the–? Something else has to happen!” “This is bullshit!” If you fuck a woman well she will leave you alone. “Thanks a lot, buddy.” [snoring] Thanks a lot, folks. I hope you enjoyed the show. You guys were great. Thank you very very much. Good night. 

I live– I live in New York. I always– Like, there’s this old lady in my neighborhood, And she’s always walking her dog. She’s always just– she’s very old. She just stands there just being old, And the dog just fights gravity every day, just– The two of them, it’s really– The dog’s got a cloudy eye, and she’s got a cloudy eye, And they just stand there looking at the street In two dimensions together, and– And she’s always wearing, like, this old sweater dress. I guess it was a sweater when she was, like, 5’10”, But now it’s just, like, this sweater And her legs are– her legs are a nightmare. They’re just white with green streaks and bones sticking out. Her legs are awful. I saw a guy with no legs wheeling by, And he was like, “yecch, no thank you. “I do not want those. “I’d rather just have air down here like I have Than to look down at that shit.” I see these two all the time, and I always look at them, And I always think, “god, I hope she dies first.” I do. I hope she dies first, for her sake, Because I don’t want her to lose the dog. I don’t think she’ll be able to handle it. If she dies– If the old lady dies first, I’m not worried about the dog Because the dog doesn’t even know about the old lady. This dog is aware of three inches around his head. He’s living in two-second increments. The second he’s in and the one he just left Is all he knows about, But if he dies, this lady, she’s gonna be destroyed Because this dog is all she has, And I know he’s all she has because she has him. There’s no– If she had one person in her life, She would not keep this piece of shit little dog. Even if just some young woman in her building one morning Were to say, “good morning, gladys,” She’d be like, “good,” And just flush him down the toilet, just– Poom! Poom! The dog just keeps bumping on the drain. Poom! “” she gives up. Ends up just shitting on her dog for the rest of her life. P-p-p! Poom! “My Daughter Likes Fish”nYou ever flush a pet down the toilet? I had to flush my daughter’s fish down the toilet. I came home, the fish was dead. She wasn’t home from school yet, so I just flushed the fish, And that’s a weird moment, too, ’cause fish live in water. So you put it in the toilet, floats to the bottom, Like, “yeah, he’s dead,” And then you flush, and it looks like he goes, “wait a second! Aw, shit! “I was taking a nap! Jesus! “you gotta be in constant motion To get any respect in this house.” And then my daughter comes home. “why did he die, da–” Come on. What am I gonna say? Why did he die? Because who gives a shit? That’s the reason. That’s the actual reason, is because didn’t matter That he was alive. That’s why he’s dead. He didn’t know his name, and he didn’t love you back. These are the facts about that fish’s life. My daughter likes fish. We took her to the aquarium. I took both my kids to the aquarium in boston, And we were looking at this seal, or sea lion. I don’t know which one. I don’t care. I don’t think they need to be separate things. I really don’t. They don’t care, and we don’t care. There’s, like, three scientists Who give a shit what we call all those things. The scientists could go on TV tomorrow And say, “ok, everybody. “from now on, seals and sea lions and walruses, And–you know what?–Penguins are all seals now,” And we would all be like, “yeah, all right. Fine. Yes. Whatever, man.” Anyway, so we’re looking at this seal/sea lion thing, And he’s looking back at us through the plexiglas, And he’s going– They’re really disgusting in person. Most animals are when you really see them. You ever go to a farm? You think you’re gonna see little, white sheep Going, “baa,” but they’re all fat and shit-colored, And they’re like– Jesus. That thing is awful. Anyway, seals don’t go– They go– My daughter’s like, “what is he saying?” I don’t know! “I’m a slave! Kill me!” “The Food Chain”nMust be awful to be other kinds of stuff, You know? I’m glad I’m this. This is a pretty good deal when you consider the alternatives. Anything else, any other kind of thing, you’re in the food chain. You’re in the food– we are out of the food chain. I don’t know if we fully appreciate the fact That we got out of the food chain. That is a massive upgrade Because for every other living thing, Life ends by being eaten. That’s how all life ends, is– Every single life except human life, Every life ends like this. Aah! Aah! Aah! We’re the only ones that get to just die old in a bed, Just “I love you. Bye.” I mean, imagine if we were still in the food chain On top of everything else. Imagine if we were in the food chain. It would just be another thing you gotta deal with. You’re already having a bad day. You wake in up in the morning. You’re making breakfast. You burn your toast, and it’s too late to try again, And your kid comes in and says, “beh,” and you’re like, “fine,” And it’s just, “why?” You get a thing in the mail That says that your phone’s different, And your mortgage is another company now. What? I don’t get it! Then you’re walking to work like, “why do I even bother? “shit! Goddamn it! “there’s always fucking cheetahs at the train station! Stop it!” You think that sharks– Do you think that sharks would be embarrassed If they knew that we could all see their fins Sticking out the top of the water? I think they’d be bummed ’cause I don’t think sharks are aware of that at all. I think sharks think they’re slick. They swim around like, “hey, nobody has any idea what’s down here,” And we’re all up here like, “there’s totally a shark right there.” It wouldn’t be fun being a predator, either. If you’re a predator, imagine if every time you’re hungry, You gotta chase a guy Who’s running for his life. You gotta– “come on, dude! Shit, get over here!” And just hold him down and bite his neck Till he shuts the fuck up for a minute So you can just sit there and eat his stomach Before you go to work. That would really suck. That’s why animals just– They go, “let’s do this together, man. “you chase the parents away. I am gonna eat the kid, and you circle back.” That’s why they do it like that. “fuck it. I’m eating babies. This is bullshit.” “grownups ain’t worth the meat.” Whoops, all right. All right. shit. Goddamn it. Idiot. This isn’t a gay voice, by the way. It’s not. Shut up. yeah. “Courtyard Confrontation”nI live in New York city, and it’s OK there. I live in a nice building. I never lived in a nice place before. When I was growing up, I had no money. I mean, my mom didn’t. Didn’t matter. I was a child. But I’m not used to it ’cause it’s nice. There’s, like, a pretty courtyard With flowers and a fountain with little marble boys pissing. I don’t know. What is it with fountains? Like, all fountain sculptors are pedophiles, basically. You can’t get a fountain made without– “can you make me a fountain?” “yes, I’ll get started right away! “Yes! Yes! It’s finished!” And it’s just little boys pissing on the face Of a Greek god that looks like him a lot. “just piss on me forever!” Anyway, there’s one of those in the courtyard of my building, And my first week in the building about a year ago, I went down to the courtyard for the first time, And I didn’t look too good, you know? It was a Sunday morning. That’s my least presentable hour. There’s a lot of, you know, just stains, Just like, you know, food and me and whatever… And so I’m sitting there. So? Shut up. Ha ha ha! Anyway, but so there I was. I’m sitting on the stone bench of this courtyard And feeling a little out of place. You know, there’s these fancy doormen and stuff, And then there’s this guy looking at me. I notice he’s looking at me from across the courtyard, And he’s all spiffy-looking. He’s got brown shoes, and he’s looking at me like, “” I can tell he was thinking I don’t live in the building. He thinks I just wandered in off the streets And sat in the courtyard. I can tell he’s thinking of coming over And dealing with me on his own, and I’m sitting there thinking, Like, “please do that. Yes. Please, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on,” And I’m trying to look even more gross, And I’m, like, pulling up my shirt, “” And then I see him go, “no. That’s not gonna do at all,” And he comes over to me, “” and I’m like, “Num num num!” I’m so excited to have this thing, a confrontation Where I’m not wrong at all and he thinks I am. “rrgh!” So he comes over, says, “excuse me, “do you live in this building?” And I said, “no,” ’cause why not start there? I said, “no.” He goes, “well then, what are you doing here?” And I said, “I just need to rest. I’m having a hard time.” He says, “this is private property,” And I said, “well, I don’t really believe in that.” You know, just the worst things I could say from his point of view is basically all the things I was saying, And he goes, “well, if you don’t leave, I’m gonna talk to the doorman.” I was like, “can I just stay, like, five more hours?” So he’s–“no,” and he goes over to the doorman and I see him talking about me to the doorman like this, and then I see the doorman going, “no. That guy lives here. It’s OK,” And the look on his face– mwah mwah! Num num!– It was just so– It was this beautiful cocktail of anger and confusion. It’s like I had invented a new way to hurt somebody’s feelings. That’s how excited I was. “Getting What ‘Old’ Is”nI’m 45 now, So I’m either halfway through a healthy life or almost done with a not-so-healthy life. I don’t know which one. I won’t know till it’s over where this was. I don’t know how long I’m gonna live. I don’t know. Nobody knows, I guess. I think human life expectancy is pretty good. We get a good run, you know? Some people die early, you know? If I die now, people will be like, “that’s too bad.” If I die five years from now, they’ll be like, “well, all right,” like it’s not even– It’s– Like, as soon as you’re 50, you’re a candidate. You know, there’s no candlelight vigils for 50-year-old guys that die, and you start pushing– You know, some people get to be like, 80s, 90s. You know, there are people that get to, like, 114, and then they’re in the news, and it’s always some old guy, “I met Napoleon.” No, you didn’t, you liar, You oldest liar in the world. But 45, you know, you’re not old yet, But you start having moments Where you kind of start getting what old is, Especially if you didn’t take care of yourself, you know? I have moments where I’m like, “wow, this seems early for this.” Like, this is something that happens to me a lot. I’ll be sitting watching TV or doing nothing, And all of a sudden, I’ll realize, “I need to wipe my ass right now.” “I mean, nothing happened, But I really gotta wipe my ass right now. Right now.” Gotta make trips to the bathroom just to wipe my ass. How does this happen already? I’m 45. Already, my asshole’s just like, “Just– ” My asshole– My asshole’s like the waistband on old pajama bottoms, Just kinda… Loose and ineffectual. My asshole’s like a bag of leaves that nobody tied up. It’s just sitting on the lawn, full and open, Puking leaves onto the grass with every wisp of wind. Some kid kicks it over on his way home From a tough day at middle school. “rats.” That’s a pretty accurate description of my asshole. Here’s another thing about my age right now. If I’m– OK. Say I’m sitting down. If I’m sitting anywhere, which–ha ha ha!– I love sitting so much– I would take sitting and doing nothing To standing and fucking any day. This is way better than coming. This is way better. This is what– At my age, if I’m sitting down and somebody tells me I need to get up and go to another room, I need to be told all the information why first. You gotta explain all that shit to me. “what? Why do I– no. Why, though?” “Your car is being towed right now!” “Well, that’s what happens to me, then. That’s– I accept that.” ’cause getting up is a whole thing. It means first, I have to decide, “do I really want to be alive anymore?” Like, let’s start with that, And then I gotta, “” start kind of rocking to get momentum, “” like I’m trying to get an old Honda out of a snow bank. “shit.” “Putting On Socks”nThe worst part of my day, worst part of every day of my life, is when I have to put on my socks. Putting on my socks is the worst part of every day, and it always will be. Even if I have a terrible day in the future Where my grandmother is murdered by my other grandmother, If that ever happened to me, the worst part of that day Will be when I put on my socks because– Putting on my socks, that means I have to– Here’s what I have to do. I have to get my hands past my pointed toe. I don’t even know how I do it. I’m sitting here. I don’t know how I do that. It’s ’cause you have to– It’s like folding a bowling ball in half. Soon as I start, I can feel– I’m pushing all the fat up into my vital organs, And I just feel all the systems failing. “beep, beep, beep!” And I have to, like, lay on my back like an eight-year-old And go like this, and I start passing out. And I know other people’s lives are hard. Ha ha ha! I know. I saw an interview on TV with Michael J. Fox, And he has Parkinson’s, and he was describing brushing his teeth, and he said It takes him two hours a day, and he said it’s agony, And I saw this and I thought, “OK. That’s hard.” That is hard, And so is putting on my socks. Sorry, Michael. Doesn’t make it easier to know about your thing. Tell you what. I’ll help you brush your teeth, you help me with the socks. “If You’re Older You’re Smarter”nI don’t know. I like getting older, though. Life is an education, and if you’re older, you’re smarter. I just believe that. If you’re in an argument with somebody And they’re older than you, you should listen to them. It doesn’t mean they’re right. It means that even if they’re wrong, Their wrongness is rooted in more information than you have. They’ve been there longer. If you’re older, you’re smarter. How many people here, by applause, are 45 or older? 45 or older, applaud. OK. That’s about 60 people out of 2,400. Here’s the interesting thing. There’s way more. I can see you. There’s so many more. This is Arizona. There are way more people in that demographic, But they didn’t clap. Why? ’cause they’re smart. They’re sitting in the dark going, “I don’t have to clap. I don’t have to do anything.” They’re not doing it, and they’re right. You know why? ’cause never identify yourself. Never. Are you crazy? You don’t know why I’m asking. How do you know what– OK. Burn them all. Burn everybody over 45. How do you know I’m not gonna do that? How many people here, by applause, are 40 or younger? 40 or younger, applaud. That’s every time. “Whoo! Whoo!” every time. That is a weird thing to celebrate in a room where you’re not the only people here. That’s like going to a cancer ward– “not me! Whoo! I don’t have it! I don’t have it!” If you’re older, you’re smarter. A 55-year-old garbage man is a million times smarter than a 28-year-old with three ph.D.S, Especially smarter than him, ’cause this idiot Has been thinking about three things for, like, 15 years. He’s worthless. The garbage man is 55. He’s had some experience. Things have happened to him. He went to cape cod one summer. He saw a dead guy floating in the motel pool. He took a bus to Montreal. He got a hand job at a fair… From a miner. I mean a miner. Not a minor, a miner. You understand? A miner. A grown man who works in a mine With dirty hands jacked him off at a county fair. That’s what I’m saying happened to the 55-year-old. You see? He’s had some experience. He knows more. More has happened to him. He’s seen more. He’s seen history. He’s witnessed history, Even if it’s not ancient history. He saw Nixon resign on live television. Me and those few people that clapped, We saw the president of America cry And then quit being the president. That shit was crazy ’cause none of us knew what was gonna happen next. Today people are like, “the president’s kind of disappointing.” Really? Our president wept like an insane person And then got on a helicopter and flew away… And the whole nation just watched him go. “Getting Older Makes My Life Better”nI like getting older, though, because for me, The kind of guy I am, getting older Makes my life better, you know, Like, my sex life, way better at 45, Look, ’cause this situation is OK at 45. This is not a fun kind of a 17-year-old to be. And some people, their life is better when they’re younger. You know, young dudes, young, skinny dudes, Best life in the world is being a young, skinny dude. They don’t have to do anything. They just show up With a big adam’s apple and a smelly t-shirt. “hey, I’m here for the easy pussy for the rest of my life.” “so where do I– everywhere? OK. Cool.” But for guys like me, this is not a fun youth. It gets better. I’d like to make one of those “it gets better” ads For just dumpy, young guys. We could use a little help, a little encouragement, Just somebody on TV, “listen, man. “I know it’s tough right now. “You’re vaguely heavy with no face. “You have zero value on the sexual marketplace. “You feel invisible to the girls in school because you are, “but it gets better because you’ll all grow up, “and you pretty much look just like this your whole life, “and they don’t. “Their options start running out really fast, “and you’re gonna be there. “As long as you stay relatively employed and washed, “you’re gonna be amazing in your 40s. “You’re gonna be– “you’re gonna be the branch that she can grab “before she hits the ground. “It’s gonna be so great. “It just takes time for her circumstances “to match your looks, but it’s gonna happen. “It’s gonna happen. “When real shit matters, you’re gonna be the sexiest motherfucker in the world.” It’s just time. That’s all it takes. There’s a formula to this. It’s pussy plus time over income squared. “Everybody Has Their Time”nEverybody has their time. Everybody has their time. I mean, not everybody. There are people out there who there’s just nobody for them. Yep. People like to say things like, “there’s someone for everyone.” Nope! Not at all true, and stop saying it ’cause it’s mean to people who never find anybody. There are millions of people out there who we’ve all unanimously decided, they are light speed ugly and nobody kisses them on the lips, even. Nobody touches their genitals their entire life. They just wash it, and then they die. That’s all that happens, “aww,” and if you’re feeling bad for them, you can go find one and fuck one tomorrow, you can just solve the problem right there with all that kindness in your heart. “Aww.” Well, go fuck one. “Nah.” I didn’t think so. That’s the one way we’re all mean. Nobody does that. Nobody fucks down, nobody. People fuck up or across. Some women fuck down because a guy talked them into that it was up. Some guy, “yeah. No. You should. I’m totally up. Yeah.” “Dating Takes Courage”nIt’s a weird selection process that we have. Dating really is– It’s how we evolve, is dating. It’s how we choose each other, And dating is a real drag for a lot of people, But I always think it’s a nice thing. You know, when I see a date, I’m always happy when I see a couple on a date ’cause it means people are still trying, you know? You see a couple on a date, It means there’s still courage out there. That takes courage, to go on a date, for both sides, Two very different kinds of courage. The male courage, traditionally speaking, is that he decided to ask. He went up to a random woman who he has no idea If she’s gonna like him or not and he walked up to her terrified. Everything in your body is telling you, “just go the fuck home and jerk off. Don’t do this!” But he walked up and said, “hi. Yes,” And she’s like, “” “no, no, no. A second. Give me a second,” And you try to get through this membrane of, you know– And then, if it works And you say, “you wanna go out sometime?” Sometimes she’ll say yes, and if she says yes, that’s her courage, and the courage it takes for a woman to say yes is beyond anything I can imagine. A woman saying yes to a date with a man is literally insane and ill-advised, and the whole species’ existence counts on them doing it, and I don’t know how they– How do women still go out with guys when you consider the fact that there is no greater threat to women than men? We’re the number-one threat to women. Globally and historically, we’re the number-one cause of injury and mayhem to women. We’re the worst thing that ever happens to them. That’s true. You know what our number-one threat is? Heart disease. That’s the whole thing. That’s it, just our own heart going, “dude, I can’t– “you can’t keep doing this. I told you three strokes ago that this is not smart,” But women still– “yeah. I’ll go out with you alone at night.” What are you, nuts? “I’ll get in your car with you with my little shoulders. Hi. Where are we going?” “To your death, statistically.” How do they still do it? If you’re a guy, try to imagine that you could only date a half-bear, half-lion, And you’re like, “I hope this one’s nice. I hope he doesn’t do what he’s going to do.” “First Date”nI always– I love when I see a date. You know, when you see a date, you can tell it’s the first date ’cause of the way they’re walking together And she’s looking up at his face trying to figure him out, And he’s just a mess. A guy on a first date just has no actual personality. He’s just a mishmash of different kinds of dudes for a couple of seconds each, just anything, no cohesive– Just like a ransom note cut out of a lot of magazines, just, you know, “well… “ha ha! “well, yes. I think so, too. Ha ha! Rrgh…” Whatever, just like a blind dick in space just thrusting in infinite directions Hoping to find pay dirt at someplace, And then sometimes you see a date that’s later down the line and something has happened. There’s something that happens in a date that I never get to witness ’cause women do this. They get to do it inside. They get to just decide quietly, “I’m gonna let him fuck me.” They just get to decide. Something he says, and she’s like, “that was good. He’s gonna fuck me later,” And he has no idea. He’s still, like, trying all this shit. He still has no idea he’s already in there. “Tits”nGuys are– We love women a lot– all men do– And we just look at you. That’s what I do. I just look at women. I just–“” Like they’re, you know, cakes in windows. I just–“” I was walking in New York once, and there’s these two very cute women walking behind me, and I was trying to walk slowly so I could hear what they were saying to each other, you know, ’cause they were cute, so I wanted to hear them, like that’s gonna help me in any way, to hear their– “don’t you wish the guy walking in front of us would squeeze our tits for, like, one second?” OK. Here. Here I go. Thank you. It’s really a flaw in men that we would all do that. If you’re a woman, you could ask any guy on planet earth, “could you squeeze my tit for one second?” And 100% of us will go, “yes, of course.” That doesn’t matter. I could be doing open heart surgery. “yeah. Ok.” Beep! “don’t worry. He’s not your tits. Don’t worry about it.” I don’t know why we love tits so much. Some people say it’s because we breastfeed, but so do women, Or, you know, baby women. Not grown-up women, don’t usually– You don’t see, like, a 68-year-old woman, Like, a stately look– You know, like Sigourney weaver, Like, sucking milk out of a young woman’s tit. “thank you, Deborah. I’ll see you tomorrow at 2:00.” It’s not usually the thing, Is the elderly breastfeeding from the young, Except for at the end of “the grapes of wrath,” Which I don’t mean to ruin that book for you, But you should have read it by now. I don’t know if you read “the grapes of wrath,” But that’s how it ends, with an old, dying man Sucking milk out of a young girl’s tits, And then the book is over, and you’re like, “Jesus! What happened at the end there? That’s crazy.” There’s no other book in that genre. There’s no dense, historic classic That ends with a weird, porny paragraph at the very– “and then Anna Karenina shat on his chest.” “holy moly with that!” “the end.” “my god! “that is a violent shift in tone at the end of that book. I’ve been reading this book for three months.” But we do, we love tits, And you always know a tit. You always know a tit. You know, like you ever been in a crowded place– Like a subway or like, you know, a sports stadium– And you’re smooshed in with other people And your elbow touches a tit behind you, you’re like, “that’s a tit. I just touched it. I know that was a tit. I know it!” Because the sensitivity of the male elbow To tit flesh specifically is unbelievable, just to tits, ’cause you could drive a tack in there, I’m not gonna feel it, But a tit– Through a shirt and a sweater and a jacket And her jacket, sweater, shirt and bra, somehow… “it’s a tit! I touched a tit! “I touched a tit! I touched one tit. One tit.” That’s rare, to touch one tit. It’s like a four-leaf clover. Usually, you touch two. The only time you touch one tit is when it was an accident Or you didn’t have permission, But otherwise… When tit access is granted, It’s usually good for two tits at a time. It’s, once you’re on one– You really have to screw up really badly and quickly To lose tit access between tits one and two. You must have said something really dumb on the first tit That you didn’t get the second one. “yeah, it’s like your mom’s dirty whore tit.” “why? What? I said I liked it. “that’s what I meant, is that I like it. “I like your mom’s dirty whore tit, And I like yours,” And if it’s up to the guy, we’re gonna touch both tits. No guy touches a tit and then goes, “you know what? “I’m good with the one. That’s fine for me. Everything in moderation.” We’re gonna touch both, Even if something terrible happens in the middle of– “yeah–” “there’s a bomb!” “shit! Come on, let’s get– “come on! Let’s get your tits out of here!” “Divorce”nI’ve seen a few tits. I’ve seen–I don’t know– 48 maybe. I don’t know. I had my history in my life, you know? I’ve been divorced for five years, And it’s been the best part of my life, being divorced, Easily my favorite part of my life. I love being divorced. Every year has been better than the last. That is the only time I can say that about, and by the way, I’m not saying don’t get married. If you meet somebody, fall in love and get married, And then get divorced because that’s the best part. It’s the best part. Marriage is just like a larva stage for true happiness, Which is divorce, Because you just let go and everything’s fine now. Divorce is forever. It really actually is. Marriage is for how long you can hack it, But divorce just gets stronger like a piece of oak. Nobody ever says, ” my divorce is falling apart. It’s over. I can’t take it.” And again, if you’re in a good marriage, stay in it. If you’re in the best marriage ever, stay in it. I’m just saying, if you got out, it would be better. That’s just a fact. I’m sorry. I’m sorry, but it’s true. Everything’s better. My ex-wife and I, This is the best part of our knowing each other. We’re good co-parents because we live apart and we’re friends. Our kids go to her half the week, They come to me half the week, and I’m a good father. I’m an attentive, focused, and responsible father. Do you know why? ‘Cause I get to say good-bye to these kids every week. Are you shitting me? It’s like every parent’s fantasy. Who can’t be a good father for half of every week? No matter how bad it gets, every Wednesday, I get to go, “good-bye, girls. “Daddy’s gonna go upstairs and pour whiskey all over his naked body right now.” “I’m gonna lay in my own filth until two seconds before you come back here.” That’s why I’m such a good dad. “Videoing Your Kids”nMy daughter was having a dance thing at her school. They had this big dance. Anyway, we all went, all the parents, And everybody’s there, and everybody’s got their phone, Every single parent. It was an amazing thing to watch ’cause kids are dancing And every parent is standing there like this. Every single person was blocking their vision Of their actual child with their phone, and the kids– I went over by the stage and the kids– There’s people holding iPads in front of their faces. It looked like we’re all in the witness protection program. Like, the kids can’t see their parents, And everybody’s watching a shitty movie Of something that’s happening ten feet– Like, look at your fucking kid. The resolution on the kid is unbelievable if you just look. It’s totally HD. Why are you taping this? You’re never gonna watch it. In a million years, you’re not gonna watch videos Of your kids doing shit you missed The first time it happened. You don’t watch it. You just put it on Facebook. “here, you watch it. I wanna take a nap now.” And then you get to read all the comments. “my god! “it’s so cute! Ngaah!” And guess what? They’re not watching it, either. They’re not watching the video. These kids are dancing for no one. Nobody watches the videos on your Facebook. They see the first frame of a kid and they go, “that’s very nice. OK. Back to this.” Nobody’s watching your kids’ videos on Facebook, I promise you. I’ll prove it to you. Next time you tape your kid’s dance, Tape one second of it and then add 20 minutes of just your own asshole. Just go in the bathroom and just record your own anus opening and closing for 20 minutes. Tack it onto your kid dancing for a second. Put that on Facebook. Everybody will write the same thing. “That’s adorable! I think I see a future star!” “Life Is A Good Deal”nDon’t tape shit on your– Life is short. Life is very short. I like life. I like it. I feel like even if it ends up being short, I got lucky to have it ’cause life is an amazing gift When you think about what you get with a basic life, Not even a particularly lucky life or a healthy life. If you have a life, that’s an ama– Here’s your boilerplate deal with life. This is basic cable, what you get when you get life. You get to be on earth. First of all–my god– what a location. This is earth, and for trillions of miles in every direction, It fucking sucks so bad. It’s so shitty that your eyes bolt out of your head ’cause it sucks so bad. You get to be on earth and look at shit, As long as you’re not blind or whatever it is. You get to be here. You get to eat food. You get to put bacon in your mouth. I mean, when you have bacon in your mouth, It doesn’t matter who’s president or anything, You just–“” Every time I’m eating bacon, I think, “I could die right now,” and I mean it! That’s how good life is. You get to– you get to fuck. That’s free if you’re smart. That comes with. That’s part of the deal. Where else are you gonna get that deal? You get to put your dick in there and go in and out, Pretty good, And if you’re a woman, you get to just lay back And just have a dick just shoving in and out of you awkwardly Anytime you want, anytime you want. If you’re a gay man, you get to just fill your boyfriend’s ass with your dick, just fill it all the way to the balls, And it’s nice and warm and tight in there, And he’s your buddy. If you’re a lesbian, You get to do all the stuff they’re doing, and… It’s a great deal. You get to eat. You get to fuck. You get to read “to kill a mockingbird.” It’s a great life. So, you know, I’m not worried about it ending. “Behind The Wheel”nIt’s pretty good, and I’ve wasted a lot of time Just being angry at people I don’t know. You know, it’s amazing how nasty we can get as people, Depending on the situation. Like, most people are OK as long as they’re OK, But if you put people in certain contexts, they just change. Like, when I’m in my car, I have a different set of values. I am the worst person I can be when I’m behind the wheel, which is when I’m at my most dangerous. When you’re driving, That’s when you need to be the most compassionate And responsible of any other time in your life ’cause you are fucking driving a weapon amongst weapons, and yet it’s the worst people get, and I am the worst. One time, I was driving, and there was a guy ahead of me, And he kind of–I don’t know– sorta drifted into my lane for a second, and this came out of my mouth. I said, “worthless piece of shit.” I mean, what an indictment. What kind of a way is that to feel about another human being? “Worthless piece of shit”? That’s somebody’s son. And things I’ve said to other people. I was once driving, and some guy in a pickup truck did– I don’t remember, even– And I yelled out my window, I said, “hey, fuck you!” Where outside of a car is that even nearly OK? If you were in an elevator And you were, like, right next to a person’s body And, whatever, like, he leaned into you a little bit, Would you ever turn right to their face and go, “hey, fuck you!”? “worthless piece of shit!” No. Literally zero people would ever do that, but put a couple of pieces of glass and some road between you, there’s nothing you would not say to them. “I hope you die!” I said that to a person. “I hope you die!” Why? ’cause you made me go like this for half a second of my life. You tested my reflexes, and it worked out fine! So now I hope your kids grow up motherless!” I mean, what am I capable of? I’d like to think that I’m a nice person, But I don’t know, man. “If Murder Was Legal”nA lot of it is context. There’s a lot of things I wonder if the world was different. Like, if murder was legal, I might have killed a few people. I don’t know. I’d love to think, “I would never do that,” But we really need the law against murder For one simple reason. The law against murder Is the number-one thing preventing murder. We’d like to think it’s ’cause, Like, “I would never do that.” No. It’s ’cause it really sucks getting caught murdering, a lot. If murder was legal, or just a misdemeanor– Like you get a thing in the mail– “shit, they had a camera there. Well.” If murder was legal, there would be so much murder. Regular people would murder. Murderers would murder even more, And then really nice, sweet people Would murder a few people, But nobody would murder no people. You wouldn’t trust somebody who didn’t murder If murder was legal. You wouldn’t like them. “I never killed anybody.” “OK. Nice meeting you. Yecch, what a creep. “I mean, not even a hooker? Live a life. “what’s wrong with that guy? He’s like a Mormon or some shit. I hate those guys.” “I think he’s nice.” “shut up, Janet.” They would just– If murder was legal, there would be a lot of murder. Children would behave very differently Because mostly parents would be murdering their own kids, That’s mostly what would happen if murder was legal. You know, you’d go to a mall, there’d be, Like eight, different moms in the mall just– “I told you to stop it! You didn’t listen to me!” Just–pbbt! There’d be just– You’d be stepping over dead kids. There’d be, like, a new problem. “you have to clean up your kids “when you kill them ’cause it’s gross. “it’s bad for the environment. “if you murder your child in a public place, “please use one of the red bags that are in the dispensers “every three feet of America. “put your murdered child in the red bag “with a logo of a murdered kid on it “next to the other logo that tells you “not to let your alive kid play with the plastic bag “because they might suffocate, In which case you could just leave them in the bag.” That is a whole bunch of horrible thoughts Right in a row, right in a row. That is a compressed area of bad thought. “Of Course, But Maybe”nYou know, you have your bad thoughts. Hopefully you do good things. Everybody has a competition in their brain of good thoughts and bad thoughts. Hopefully, the good thoughts win. For me, I always have both. I have, like, the thing I believe, the good thing– That’s the thing I believe– and then there’s this thing, and I don’t believe it, but it is there. It’s always this thing and then this thing. It’s become a category in my brain That I call, “of course… But maybe…” I’ll give you an example, OK? Like, of course children who have nut allergies need to be protected, of course. We have to segregate their food from nuts, Have their medication available at all times, and anybody who manufactures or serves food needs to be aware of deadly nut allergies, of course, but maybe… Maybe if touching a nut kills you, you’re supposed to die. Of course not. Of course not. Of course not. Jesus. I have a nephew who has that. I’d be devastated if something happened to him, but maybe… maybe if we all just do this for one year, we’re done with nut allergies forever. No. Of course not. Of course, if you’re fighting for your country and you get shot or hurt, it’s a terrible tragedy, of course, of course… But maybe… Maybe if you pick up a gun and go to another country and you get shot, it’s not that weird. Maybe if you get shot by the dude you were just shooting at, It’s a tiny bit your fault. Of course, of course slavery is the worst thing that ever happened. Listen, listen. You all clapped for dead kids with the nuts. For kids dying from nuts, you applauded, So you’re in this with me now. Do you understand? You don’t get to cherry-pick. Those kids did nothing to you. Of course, of course slavery is the worst thing that ever happened. Of course it is, every time it’s happened– Black people in America, Jews in Egypt. Every time a whole race of people has been enslaved, it’s a terrible, horrible thing, of course… But maybe… Maybe every incredible human achievement in history was done with slaves. Every single thing where you go, “how did they build those pyramids?” They just threw human death and suffering at them until they were finished. How did we traverse the nation with the railroad so quickly? We just threw Chinese people in caves and blew ’em up and didn’t give a shit what happened to them. There’s no end to what you can do when you don’t give a fuck about particular people. You can do anything. That’s where human greatness comes from, is that we’re shitty people, that we fuck others over. Even today, how do we have this amazing microtechnology? Because the factory where they’re making these, They jump off the fucking roof ’cause it’s a nightmare in there. You really have a choice. You can have candles and horses and be a little kinder to each other or let someone suffer immeasurably far away Just so you can leave a mean comment on YouTube while you’re taking a shit. Thanks a lot, folks. You guys were great. Thank you very, very much.

All right. So I’m 47 now, and, uh… Yeah, I know, that’s about what it’s worth. That’s what it- That’s what that deserves. “Woo.” “Woo.” “Woo!” Yeah, 47 doesn’t buy you anything. 18, you can vote, 21, you can drink, and 47, you can just- Just keep doing whatever. Just do… Just keep being out of breath. One good thing is that I’ve let go of any dream of getting in great shape, like, it’s like a relief. Just ’cause- My whole life I’ve been like, well, someday, I should really get in great shape. Now, I’m like, what? Why would I do that? That’s not gonna happen. Just- To me, the bar, the level I wanna reach as far as the shape I’m in, I just want it to be so that if you find out that I died, you ask “What happened?” That’s all. I want you to wonder what happened. I don’t want it to be like, “Oh, he died?” Oh, yeah, well, sure. Sure he did. Sure he did. This’d be bigger news to you- Did you hear Louie’s still alive? Shit. Oh, really? Oh, my God! Oh, my God, how? How?nSome things change when you get older. Like, I’ve reallocated some of the noises that I make. Like, the noise I used to make when I come is now the noise I make when I pee. Oh… oh… Oh… Ah… Ahhh… Take it all, bitch. Very disrespectful to my toilet, unfortunately. Yeah, you like that piss, don’t you? Bitch! I’m gonna shit in your mouth, too, ’cause you ain’t nothing but a shit-eatin’, piss-drinkin’ toilet! Dumb bitch, toilet! You ain’t intelligent. You ain’t even been outside. You sit there waiting for me to shit in your face. Got piss on your lips. You ain’t even special. I pissed in three toilets today. You ain’t shit. That’s terrible. That’s awful. But that’s how my dad treated his toilet, so that’s where I learned it. It’s a shame. So that’s the noise I make when I pee. And, uh, some of you might be wondering- None of you are wondering… …what noise do I make when I come. So this is the noise I make when I come. I just go… It is done! It’s a whole thing with clouds and lightning and crows. The circle is complete! It’s kind of intense. And there’s a little witch with white eyes going, “And a child will be born!” I don’t know. One time I was having sex with a woman, it was our first time having sex. Also turned out to be our last time, but I wasn’t- Didn’t know that at the- Anyway, I was getting- I was gonna come soon, so I felt like talking about it, and… But I didn’t know her very well. So it came out weird, I said, “Oh, I’m cooming.” She’s like, “What did you say?” ‘Cause I was back there. That’s why. That’s why she had to go like this. “What’d you say? What was that back there, chief? What was that?” ‘Cause I’m always back there. That’s a-that’s a weird thing to brag about. I’m always behind her. Every time. So they don’t see me crying. It’s weird having sex with a woman from behind ’cause you don’t know what’s going on the whole time and you get kinda paranoid. The whole time, she might be like… I was on the subway in New York. This isn’t another sex story. This is a traveling story. Are you ready? So I’m on the subway and I’m standing there- I wasn’t holding anything, I just like to stand like this. I’m standing there. I walk around the city like this. Hi. So I’m standing there and from behind me over here, I hear this. I hear… And I was like, whew, okay. It’s a crazy person. I mean, it’s not a big surprise in New York. Then I heard it again. I was like, all right, I wanna see, I wanna see the crazy person. I just wanna take a look. So I look over and it’s not what I expected. It wasn’t a big homeless guy with two sets of headphones that don’t work or anything like that. It was a… A young woman, she looked like she was about 21 and she’s standing there, she’s very, kinda nice- Properly dressed. She was very, like, Michigan-y or something. Very suburban-y, Michigan-y kinda thing. And she’s standing there with her ponytail, and then all of a sudden, she starts going like this, she goes… La-la la-la-la la-la!” And I realize, oh, she’s, like, a student, like, a singing music student, and she’s doing her vocal exercises on the subway. You know what? It wasn’t charming or nice. It was arrogant and rude, ’cause she just had this look like, it’s- I’m so cool, ’cause I’m studying music in New York City and I just do my thing right on the subway every day. La-la la-la-la la-la, everybody! La-la la-la-la la-la, tired nurse who just did a 14-hour shift!nWe live in an interesting time, you know. ‘Cause you can be on an airplane, you’re like one of 200 passengers. You’re on a flight 30,000 feet in the air, and in the middle of the flight if you just decide to do this, you’re sitting in your seat and you just start going like this, you go… Maaah! Maaah! Mahh! If you do that and don’t stop doing it, they will land the plane. You can will a plane to the ground without a weapon or a threat. You don’t even have to do that much, you can just sit there and just start going, “Down! Down!” Seriously, if you were on a plane and you just didn’t stop saying “down.” “Down! Down!” “Sir, is there a problem?” “Down! Down!” Fighter jets will appear- I mean, you’re going to the nearest airport. And then I guess you’re in trouble, but… What? They can’t put you, like, in prison because you said “down” several times. They, like, bother you. “Why’d you do it? Are you a terrorist? Why’d you do it?” “I just-I just didn’t want to be up anymore. “I just didn’t like it. “I mean, I just said the word of the-where I wanted to be. “You didn’t have to do it. It was just a suggestion, Jesus Christ.” I was on a plane once and there was two babies on the plane. And other people, it wasn’t just… It wasn’t just me and two babies. That would be weird. You get on a plane, there’s just two babies. Come on, we’re leaving soon. He’s the pilot baby. I’m the other baby. No, that’s all right, I’m not gonna… You babies have a good flight, but I’m gonna find another way to get there. Yeah, I don’t like the way this was starting.nAnyway, I was on a plane and there was these two babies and they were crying the whole time, crying the whole flight, and that happens a lot. I don’t think they knew each other, they were just crying. I’ve seen this on so many flights, I started to wonder, is there a reason for this? Is there, like, an actual reason why babies- So I looked it up. Turns out, there’s an actual reason why babies cry on airplanes, and it’s because they’re upset that gay people are getting married. Yeah. They’re, like, really upset. Like, inconsolably upset. Honey, it’s- The country’s changing. Waah! And I don’t agree with them. I think if people are in love, they should get married. But they can’t- They can’t accept that. ‘Cause they’re just-You know, they’re just being babies. Babies are selfish. They are, babies are selfish. They just, waah! No baby ever goes, “Waah, but how you doing, though?” I have two daughters and both of them at one time were babies and I held them and they cried on planes. It’s happened to me, I’ve had a baby on a plane. If you’re ever- This is how selfish people are. When you’re on a plane and you hear a baby crying, you think that’s happening to you. You’re like, “Ugh, this is gonna ruin my flight! It’s gonna ruin it!” Well, look at the parent, ’cause that person is holding a crying baby on a plane, which means they’ve been traveling with a baby all day, which means they have a baby, okay? So their life isn’t even good. They don’t like anything. Their whole life is, ugh, Jesus! If there’s any joy for them, it’s that this is now bothering other people. “Yeah, you listen to this shit now!” Waah!nI remember one time, my baby was crying on the plane, she was really upset, and this guy, some businessman on the plane, ’cause businessmen always think that every flight is a private plane of theirs that we’re all, like, piggybacking on. And this guy has his fucking newspaper and he turns around to look at me and my baby and he looks right at me. He doesn’t kinda, like, go like this. He looks at me like, hmm? Like, could you? I’m like, “Oh, I’m sorry, is this bothering you? Let me just…” You all just clapped for a dead baby. You applauded a dead baby. I have two children. Uh, nine and 12 years old. Both girls. Uh, they’re both gay. Um… I’m raising ’em gay. Most people raise their kids straight, I’m just gonna raise mine gay. Maybe they’ll do what they want later, but, uh, as long as they’re in my house, they’re gay. I tell ’em every day, you’re gay, honey, good night. Go to bed. Brush your gay teeth, gay honey. Don’t forget to be gay.nHaving children is a big responsibility and I’ve never really done very well at it. I’ve made a lot of mistakes. Some of them big, some of them small, you know? Like, I’m still a person, I still am an idiot, you know, still, like, I- I got high one night, I got really high, because I don’t do drugs. I never do drugs, never. So that when I do… …they’re way more fun. To me, that’s my best advice about drugs. If you want to enjoy drugs, never do them, never. Because then when you do, they’re actually fun. ‘Cause when drugs are a part of your life, they’re just another pain in the ass in your life. It’s just a, ugh, my drugs suck. I don’t want to have that problem. I always want to be that person where it’s a new thing, somebody’s like, hey, you wanna try this? And I’m like, oh! I don’t know if I should. This is crazy. I don’t even know how I’m gonna do it. I mean, what is this? Anyway, I got- My friend had the little vape- I’m a little worried, honestly, by the young people with the vaping and they just do this and then they just vape. And they just stand on the corner and puff and look at the fucking thing and I miss-I miss you. That’s what it is, I miss you people, ’cause you used to stand around like this and I get to go, “I’d fuck that one, and that one’s okay,” but now I don’t even- I’m just looking at the top of people’s heads now. But I didn’t realize how, like, my friend- I have a younger friend who vapes and she told me it’s just to kinda, like, calm her. She’s like, I barely feel it, you know. Sometimes it helps me sleep. So one night, we’re hanging out and I’m like, I’m gonna go home and go to sleep, but I mean, I’ll just try it, so I took one little tiny hit. I was insane, I was completely insane. I was in my house, I couldn’t even walk past a window, I had to go under the windows, ’cause I was afraid of the inside of my own brain. So I started texting people, just being- Just texting, “I’m so high. I’m so fucking high. I’m so high,” and I texted, you know, another friend. “I’m so high I want to suck the pot jizz out of my own dick and get higher.” That’s what I wrote. I’m not bragging, I’m just telling you that’s what I wrote. And I sent it. And then later, I looked at my text and I was, like, I think I might have sent that to my 12-year-old daughter. I think it’s possible. And I didn’t, but I too easily could’ve. We need-Now my kids are in my phone. There needs to be some very reliable firewall that says, these numbers are much harder to text, that you can’t just, whoops! Traumatized her irreversibly! That you can go, like, to write to these numbers, I have to solve the Hellraiser puzzle and I have to… There’s two guys with the keys in the opposite room that turn them at the same moment and there’s a warning. “Are you sure you want to send this picture “of your pubic hair to your ex-wife’s mother?” That’s how you want to break the silence of six years since the divorce. “This is my pubic hair. “Look at all of my pubic hair. How have you been?” I try to be a good dad, but, you know, like- life just kinda takes off and kids start, you know, they got their own ideas and they’re- My nine-year-old, she’s just figuring out about lying and that’s a tough thing. It’s hard to roll that one back, because lying is pretty amazingly useful in life. It’s like, how do you tell a kid not to use a thing that just solves every possible problem, like magic? How do you… ‘Cause that’s why-Kids lie ’cause they’re in trouble. They lie ’cause they’re in more trouble than they can take, you know? ‘Cause kids… Nine-year-old, when a nine-year-old lies, it’s not for some weird Machiavellian, you know… “Do you know what my teacher said about you? It was interesting.” They don’t just make shit up. They lie because they’re in trouble and it’s more than they can- ‘Cause trouble is too much for a kid. Trouble-For grown-ups, we can take trouble. We don’t care. We just go, oh, I’m sorry. Oh, am I in trouble? Oh, whoops! We don’t care. But to a little kid, trouble is like this horrible… Did you take the chocolate? And she did and she doesn’t know how to handle it. Did you- Did you take it? “No.” Well, all right, then, have a nice day. How do you then tell her, yeah, don’t ever apply that perfect solution again, to terrifying things. Mark Twain once said, “A man who always tells the truth doesn’t have to remember what he said.” And that’s great. But Mark Twain also said, “There once was a big black guy named Nigger Jim.” So… I don’t know if… …a hundred percent of the things he said were perfectly awesome. Really, Mark? Nigger Jim, you’re gonna go with? That’s the best you can do, to name the- It’s got kind of a nice ring to it, Nigger Jim. Yeah, well, it’s a little on the nose, isn’t it? Could’ve called him Black Mike, I mean, just a little… Take it down one notch of the… Thanks for that, Mark. Anyway. So, while we’re in this area… Now that I know you guys are cool. No, no. No. No. Um… No, no. But, uh-but, uh… but… but… This is a story that takes place- I’m gonna tell you this story, it’s kind of a messy story. It takes place over a lot of years, ’cause it start- It started with my friend Mike, who told me this story. This happened to him back in the ’90s. He was going home for Christmas and he lives in Connecticut- He grew up in Connecticut in some shitty shit town in shitty, shitty Connecticut, and he didn’t like going home. He’s one of those people. He came from a place- Doesn’t like it anymore. And he goes back- He doesn’t know how to handle his family, you know, and he came from a family of white racists and he doesn’t like going home, but it’s still home, so he went home for Christmas one year and everybody’s hanging out during the day, talking, having lunch, and his father and his brother both work at this factory and his brother’s grousing about his day at work and he goes, “Yeah, and then this fucking nigger fell asleep at the forklift.” And then my friend Mike heard that and he went, “Oh, God. Why am I part of these people? I hate this.” And he felt bad. And then that night, he’s in the kitchen and he’s having a warm milk or whatever and he… I don’t know why that’s- I don’t know why that’s funny, but… What that says about him. Yeah, ’cause he’s a pussy. No. He’s just sort of having some time to himself and his cousin comes downstairs, who’s staying- And his cousin, he likes his cousin. That’s the one person he always felt connected with, and his cousin’s like, “What’s wrong, man?” And he says, “Well, jeez, I come home and I hoped “that everything would be, you know, normal, “but then, my brother says, uhh, he’s at the factory and this nigger fell asleep at the forklift.” And his cousin goes, “Oh, my God, the nigger fell asleep at the forklift?” So this is the first part of the story, okay? So Mike tells me that story about how he’s just not listened to by anybody in his family, and then later on, I get a job writing on a TV show for Cedric the Entertainer. Great guy, and he had a show and he hired a writing staff, half white writers, half black writers. So at lunchtime, we talk about race, it was just a- We’d have these provocative, interesting conversations, trading notes about race, the white writers and the black writers, and I told that story. I told the whole thing about the guy, “Uhh, nigger and the forklift,” And then the cousin saying, “Uhh, the nigger at the forklift!” And then one of the writers, a black writer, he goes, “There’s nothing worse “than a nigger falling asleep at the forklift, making it harder for the rest of us.” Still, nobody is quite hearing what my friend was going through. And then, about a year later, I’m hanging out with my friend Dino. Dino is Greek. He has no dog in the race, he doesn’t care either way. He’s Greek. Greeks aren’t white or black, they’re just- He’s just got a big nose and he just stands there. And I told Dino the whole story, I told him about the guy, “Uhh, the forklift,” and the guy, “Uhh!” And then the black writer- And then Dino says, “How do you fall asleep at a forklift?” My oldest daughter is gonna be 13 next year, that’s a big deal. That’s a big deal. That’s- All the parents ahead of you always go, like, yeah. Yeah, wait ’til she… That’s when you… I’m not afraid of her teenagehood. It’s gonna be challenging and difficult and she’ll meet the challenges, you know. I’m always proud of my kid. She’s a good kid. Now, some parents are really afraid of their daughters. A lot of dads get scared, like, I don’t know what to do. I have this friend, his daughter’s 15, he’s like, “She’s gonna start having sex! “I don’t know what to do! She’s gonna have sex, what do I do?” I’m like, well, you don’t do anything. You don’t have a role in that at all. You’re her father. No role. Not supportive or advisory, nothing. “But what if she has a bad sexual experience?” Oh, she’s gonna have a number of those. Oh, yes, she is. Her whole life is gonna be just walking through a blizzard of bad dicks, just… Ow! Dicks, just- Jesus. What the fuck? That was a big one. Holy fuck, I’m just trying to get to work.nThe little one, the nine-year-old, life’s a little simpler. Tap dancing, she takes tap dancing lessons. We started her with tap dancing, because we figure by the time she grows up, it’ll be the 1930s again, and, uh, yeah. She’ll have this thing she can do that nobody enjoys watching. Do you know who the audience is for tap dancing? The parents of tap dancing students. That’s all of it. ‘Cause we all have to go to the show at the end of the tap dancing semester, and they have a big theater show and all the kids get up there, they all tap dance in groups of threes. There’s about 6,000 kids. They do about 20 minutes each. So the show’s about seven months long, and everybody dies at the end. But you go because you want to see your kid tap dance, ’cause that’s an amazing thing, ’cause this was a baby, she was just a baby. She was just like… That’s it. And now she’s going like this. It’s amazing. But you gotta watch all those other kids that you don’t love at all. And you gotta watch people, grown-ups do it. There’s grown-up- Adult students, and they get up there. Get off! Nobody’s here to see you! Nobody! Your parents are dead, you’re 52! Nobody came from work. Nobody came from work.nI take her every-every Thursday to tap dancing and we go up to the school and she puts on her tap shoes and she goes in the little room. I don’t go in there, and she tap dances and I wait outside, because it’s 40 minutes, it’s not enough time to go anywhere. So I just sit there and listen to… And then she comes out. “I don’t-I’m tired of this. I don’t want to go anymore.” Good, don’t. I don’t want to bring you. Quit. Quit. I don’t care. I don’t push my kids into this shit. ‘Cause you gotta do it, too. I don’t wanna do it. “Daddy, I’m tired of soccer.” Soccer is out of our lives forever, with those words from thine mouth. Soccer is gone. I don’t care- Don’t go to school, I don’t want to get up at 7:00. Don’t do any of this shit, honey. I don’t care. I have money, just eat the food in the house. Stay home and eat. You and your sister, don’t have kids, I can cover all of us and then we all die. That’s my goal. I want to make enough money that we can just lock the door and eat the food. That’s it. “Daddy, what are we doing today?” Go to the food room and pick something out and go to bed. That’s all that’s required of you. People-People overthink this life shit. People get all knotted up. “I don’t know what to do with my life. “Like, I don’t know, like, what I should be, or, like… “I don’t know, it’s like… What should I, like, do? With my- With, like, my life?” Just get food and put it in the- Put food in here. That’s it. Put food in here. Walk around and look for food. And anytime you see any food, put it in here. Just take it and put it in here. Later, when you feel pressure, shit out the shit in there. That’s it. If anybody tries to stop you from doing either of those, murder them. That’s it. Doesn’t have to be any more complicated. Do it ’til you’re died- ’til you’re dead. ‘Til you’re dead, died, dead. I don’t know how long I’m gonna live, I have no idea. You don’t really ever get to find out. You never get to go, okay, I’m dead, so, 80. You don’t ever get to have that thought. “This is it. ” You get to go, “This is probably it.” That’s your last thought. “This is probably it right here.”nYeah, well, we’re all gonna die at some point. It’s true, man. And you find out at some point- It’s an interesting thing about human beings, that we live with the knowledge that we’re gonna die. I found out when I was seven that everybody dies. My grandfather told me. He said, “Everybody dies!” I wasn’t even talking to him. I was just trying to blow out the candles. And I was seven years old when I found out that everybody dies. And I was excited, not ’cause everybody dies, but ’cause I knew it. I was excited ’cause I knew I was young to know that everybody dies. I knew that most of my friends didn’t know and I thought, I’m gonna tell them. I want to be the one that tells everybody. I especially wanted to tell Benjy, this kid across the street from me. There was this kid Benjy, he lived-I didn’t- He wasn’t my friend. I was seven and he was six, but if I ever came out in my front yard, he would come out and I’d be like, ugh, here he comes. Just hated him. Hated him. First person I ever hated. Like, visceral hate. He was- To me, he was a piece of shit cocksucker asshole. That’s what he was to me, and I didn’t even know any of those words. I just had that, like, as a raw feeling with no way to say it. I was too young for the feeling that I had, and then somebody- I heard somebody say “piece of shit cocksucker asshole,” I was like, that, yes, thank you. That’s what that- Yes, that’s how-Yes. Anyway, one day I was in my front yard and piece of shit Benjy comes across. And he says, “I got a new bike,” or something like that. And I was like, uh, “You’re gonna die someday.” And he was like, “What? No, I’m not.” I said, “Yes, you are. “Everybody dies. “You’re gonna die and your mom’s gonna die “and your daddy’s gonna die. In that order.” He was really upset and he starts running. It’s still funny to me, it still makes me laugh, 40 years later. I can still see it so clearly and it still makes me laugh. Run, Benjy! You can’t run from this shit, bitch. It’s gonna get you. I wonder if he’s dead. Anyway. So he came back with his mom, his mom is so angry, and then I was scared. And his mom came over, “What did you say to him?” And I said, “I just told him that everybody dies.” And she goes, “Well, that’s not necessarily true.” I was like, “What?” She says, “Well, some people die, but not everybody does.” And I was so full of questions. I was like, what about- What about Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, they’re dead. But she said, “Yeah, “that’s ’cause something happened to them. “George Washington didn’t take care of himself “and Lincoln got shot, but there’s a lot of people alive from those days.” And I was like, really? What about, like, Bible people? And she’s like, “Yeah, I- We have to go.” And then she left, ’cause I think she realized, this is only gonna get worse. She’s not on a good side of this argument. And then I went to my mom and I told her the whole thing, she’s like, don’t worry, that lady’s a fucking idiot, don’t listen to her. My mom said, “Don’t worry, baby, you’re definitely going to die.” Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. People from the Bible. I wonder if people in the Bible knew they were gonna be in the Bible. Like, “You guys, this is totally gonna be in the Bible. “This is totally-You guys, “we’re gonna get in the Bible, everybody. I gotta get my roots done so I look good for the Bible.” Yeah, my dog died recently. I had to tell the kids that the dog is dead. That’s a tough thing, telling your kids that the dog died. You gotta tell ’em at some point. You can’t just keep going, What? No, he’s-Where’d he go? Oh, look, there he goes. I don’t know, he’s- That little scamp. There he goes, go get ’em. Go get ’em! Told my kids the dog died and we dealt with it. And I was proud of them how they expressed their feelings about it. They cried. I was proud of them how they dealt with their feelings and what they said about it and how they processed it and I realized, this was a positive thing. That’s how you start thinking as a parent, a lot of things you don’t think would be positive really are, ’cause-’cause a dog dying is an opportunity to deal with death with your kids. It’s like a dry run for Grandma. It is, it is. Dog dies, you talk about it, you deal with it. Later on, you go, so, you know all that stuff we talked about? About the dog? Yeah, so, Grandma now. Mm-hmm. All the same stuff. That’s right. All right, go brush your teeth. I had a dog when I was a kid and he hated me, and it really hurt. It’s a true story, my dog hated me and I- I wanted a dog so bad, I was, like, ten years old, I used to beg my mother for a dog and she just would say, like, you had one when you were a baby and it died, it’s fine. But finally, she said, you can have a dog if you keep your room clean for a month. And I was so excited, ’cause I was, like, I’m getting a dog. I told all my friends, I’m gonna get a dog. All I have to do is keep my room clean for a month. I lasted about a week and it just went to shit. I couldn’t do it and then I tried, like, three, four days, I couldn’t do it. And I got so depressed. I was like, I’m ten and I already know my life is gonna be shit ’cause I can’t do anything. And finally, my mom was like, just- We’ll get the dog, you’re bumming everybody out. So she got us a dog. And the dog looked at me and he hated me, on sight. And I worked hard to take care of this dog. I was kind to him and he still hated me, which hurt. That’s why it hurt. ‘Cause he must’ve just hated, like, who I am inside. He-You could tell how he felt, ’cause he was very expressive. He was a terrier, you know, so he had eyebrows. Like, I’d walk in the room and he’d go, like, oh, fuck, I can’t. And he would just leave! I would take him for a walk and I had to use a leash and I didn’t want to use a leash. I wanted to be one of those cool guys with a dog that just comes along, you know one of those guys. He’s always got, like, a suede jacket with patches in it. And, like, scratchy hair, he’s like, hey. And he gets in his old pickup and he’s like, come on, dog. He goes, like- You know those guys that can whistle that cool whistle? Whatever. Whew! And the dog jumps in the back and they both get laid somewhere because they’re both so cool. That’s what I wanted. But my dog, we’d go for a walk and the leash was, like, taut, like this, it wasn’t even like, yeah, we’re friends. It was like, how far from this kid can I get my face? He would be choking himself the whole- “I hate you! I hate you!” And if I ever, like, slipped and dropped the leash, he- He was like, I’m not your dog. He would just run. He would run like a slave, he would just take off. That’s how he ran. It’s an apt description. That’s how he ran. He didn’t run like a deer. This is how a deer… He ran like this. He ran away so many times and then we’d get a call from the pound. “Hi, we have your dog.” And you could hear my dog in the background, like, “Don’t- “Seriously? I told you I don’t wanna…” I’ve never been a big animal person. Some animals I hate. Uh, bats, I think bats are just disgusting. I hate bats. I hate-It’s a rat with leather wings. You ever seen one and they, like, look around? It’s like, somebody, you know? They have a face. It’s disgusting. I hate bats. And I’m sure there’s a whole thing of- Oh, did you know that bats make all the French toast in the world, or whatever? I don’t care. I hate them. I had a bad bat experience. This summer, I was, uh- We rented a house this summer, I got a house for me and the kids. My ex wife and I- We share custody of the kids, and so this summer, I had half- One month they go with her, one month with me, so I got a nice house in the country and it was beautiful, the kids loved it, but the kids go to sleep at, you know, 8:00 at night. So I’m just laying awake, terrified. Terrified. I’m so scared in the country, ’cause it’s just quiet and it’s just mystery. And trees and darkness. I live in New York City, I feel perfectly safe there. I’m surrounded by murderers and child molesters and Jews. Sorry. I mean, there are, there are a lot. There’s a bunch of those, but… So… So one night, I’m in the country house and I’m just laying- just laying awake, just begging for the fucking sun to come up so I can sleep through my days with the kids. And I’m laying awake and I’m- My bedroom’s above the kitchen and I- Suddenly I hear this- I swear to God, I heard this sound, I heard… I heard that, like, clear as a bell. And immediately, my heart is pounding. I’m like, I’m going to have a heart attack right now, because there is a witch in the kitchen. First of all, there are witches. I have no doubt, in that moment, there’s witches. That’s how easy it was to flip me over. There are witches. And there’s one in the kitchen, and I gotta go down there. I gotta-I can’t just, eh, she’ll get- They like kids, she’ll get the kids. So I go downstairs, I’m terr-Terrified. And I’m standing outside the kitchen door like this, for like, an hour. Too scared to go in, until a little bit of logic seeped in and told me, even if there is a witch in there, she wouldn’t just make a noise and then just stand there for, like, an hour. So I go in, there’s nobody in the kitchen. And then I hear the noise again, and it was the dishwasher. The dishwasher has weird tubes and when the soap goes through ’em, it’s kind of vocal, I don’t know why, but it goes… It was the weirdest thing, to watch my dishwasher do it. I was like, all right, it’s cool. I’m fine, there’s no witches. I’m about to go upstairs, and a- And a bat, a fucking asshole bat picked that moment- He’s like, ha ha! And he just flew right- right by my head, like this, and I just-I went, “Aaah!” And I just fell on the floor. “Aaah!” And I immediately, I crawl into the closet, I closed the door and I called 911 right away. I don’t know if you’ve ever called 911 and you don’t realize until they answer how you shouldn’t be calling 911? “911, tell us your emergency.” “I-I’m sorry, I’m very sorry to be bothering you. This doesn’t qualify.” The lady’s like, “Sir, what’s the problem?” I said, “There’s a bat in my house. And I don’t like it.” But she was nice to me, ’cause it’s country 911. If you call 911 in New York City, “there’s a bat in my house!” They’ll be like, “Sir, we’ll send a car right over to shoot you in the face.” But she was nice, she’s like, “Sir, we understand, “you’re divorced, you’re overcompensating “with the country house. You’re in over your head.” She said, call this guy, she gave me a number, she said, call this guy, he’s a guy who takes care of bats. He’s a man who’s, uh- bats are his focus. I felt like she was doing a lot of work to not say “bat man.” Like she was kind of going around… “He’s a male human who bats are his… I’m not gonna say bat- I don’t wanna say it.” So I called the bat man… …and he comes over and I’m in the closet looking through the crack, at- The bat is on the ceiling, hanging upside down, he’s just looking around. The most disgusting thing. And so finally, there’s a knock at my door and I go, I crawl to the door and I open it and he’s like, hello. And he says, “Where’s the bat?” And I’m like, “Ehhh…” So the guy walks over and he just takes the bat. That’s it. He just took it. He’s like, all right? Yeah, you pretty much nailed it. That’s amazing. It’s like I called somebody and said, “Help, there’s a box of tissues on my table!” Oh, thank goodness. What a relief, to have a man in the house. Would you like some sweet tea? I wasn’t expecting company. Ooh, my robe fell open. He saw my breasts. Ooh. What do we do now? Mr. bat man? You know, I’m kind of grateful to that bat now, now that you’re going to fuck me. You’re not? Well, all right, you can go, then. I can’t- I can’t get out of it. I’m sorry. I just like to keep doing that ’til the laughter stops. Fuck, he’s really- This is getting upsetting. What if I just did that for, like, 40 minutes? Well, if you weren’t gonna help me, then why did you come over? I’m alone here all day and I hardly can handle it anymore. All right, all right. So… No, no. No, don’t do that. Don’t do that. I was, um… I was in New York one time, I was on the subway platform and I saw two rats, uh, and they were fucking. And I never saw that before. I’m like, oh, shit. There’s two rats fucking right there. And so I watched ’em, um, ’cause you can watch rats fuck. It’s not a big deal. You don’t have to go, like… You can really just totally just watch ’em. Hmm, I see. Anyway, I’m watching ’em, I’m just curious. I mean, it wasn’t… surprising how they do it. It’s not like she’s on top going, mmm. Mmm. Mmm, mmm, mm. Thank you. I love it, I love it. Ooh! I think this is a Japanese rat I’m doing, I don’t know. “Ooh, it’s so good to fuck you! Ohh! Come on, Ricky, do me!” I don’t know, all right. Anyway, it wasn’t anything like that. It was a pretty standard rat fuck. Just, he’s on top, kinda smushing her into the pavement and she’s like… And I’m watching ’em, just- I mean, I didn’t, like, miss my train. Just, while I was there. ‘Cause I was- I was curious. It didn’t turn me on, I was just curious. ‘Cause I want to know, what is it gonna be like when he comes. That’s what I wanted to know. What is it like when a rat comes? Is it, like, uh- Is it just a biological thing, just a dispassionate, kinda just, meh! And then he just goes home? Or is it like, “Yeah, fucking yeah!” Is it like, “Aww…” Is it, you know? Is it ecstasy? Is it an orgasm? I told that story to a friend of mine. She was like, “Well, what about the girl rat? “What about her orgasm? Why didn’t you empower her and wonder how she comes?” What, are you crazy? Girl rats don’t come. There’s no way the girl gets to come when rats fuck. First of all, he’s not gonna hold out for her. He’s not that kinda dude, you can tell. He didn’t give a shit. He’s gonna fuck her and leave, he doesn’t even know her name. He’s not sitting there waiting for her and trying to think of things to not come, like giant garbage bags with no food in them or whatever. And even if he did, she’s on a subway platform in front of people. She’s not gonna be able to get to that place, that inside place, that girl rats need to find their orgasm. ‘Cause I know what girl rats need. I know how to make a girl rat come. I do, you just pick ’em up and hold ’em upside down and just… Just to be clear, what I was doing there… I just want to make sure you know. I spit in her mouth while I played with her little asshole. Don’t judge her, that’s what she likes. I did it for her. I was watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters and- I know that’s- I know that’s, uh- That’s a weird couple of stories to put together. Fingering a rat’s asshole to orgasm and watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters, but they happened to have happened one right after the other. Most things that I do, I do right after I made a rat come. That’s what I do at night. It’s my- It’s the only way I try to help. All right. So I was… Let me just tell you this first. I was, uh, I was at a place to- eating dinner in New York and I heard these two women talking and one of ’em is talking about the guy she’s dating. They were about 21 years old, like, NYU students, and so she’s talking about it and, you know, a lot of times I’ll hear this, a woman talking about the guy she’s dating and she runs down the stuff that’s not satisfying, the things she doesn’t like. She’s like, “He’s just, you know, I text him “and he, like, he doesn’t, like, respond right away “and then, when he does, it’s like, whatever, so that’s weird. “And then, like, I saw him and he’s just being weird. “And so then he, like, calls me, he’s like, I’m sorry I’m weird. “It’s, like, weird, right now. And I was like, whatever. And then we had sex. And it’s just weird.” And then I’m listening ’cause I wanted to know, what is her friend gonna say? I want to know what kind of friend she has, you know. And her friend just says, “He’s a piece of shit. “He’s a piece of shit. “He’s not good enough for you, ’cause you’re amazing. “You’re amazing. So he just can’t handle how amazing you are.” And I remember thinking, that is a shitty friend. That’s not a good friend. That is not a good way to approach life. “I’m amazing! “And anybody who doesn’t text me back is just- can’t handle how amazing I am.” I mean, she’s a student. She can’t be- She’s not Nelson Mandela, she’s in college. She-I’m sure she’s fine, but you’re amazing, the way you… take classes. What is- What is so amazing? She’s kinda boring, he’s kind of a douche, so it’s fine. They’re fine. You need to know that you’re boring a little bit. It’s important. Self love is a good thing, but self awareness is more important. You need to, once in a while go, oh, I’m kind of an asshole. You have to have that thought once in a while, or you’re a psychopath. You know like when you say to a friend of yours, “You’re being an asshole” and they’re like, “No, I’m not.” Well, it’s not up to you if you’re an asshole or not. That’s up to everybody else. You don’t get to say no to that. “You’re an asshole.” “No, I’m not.” “Oh, sorry, I thought- Okay, I’m glad I checked. I guess you’re not.” If somebody tells you you’re an asshole, you should go, “Oh, shit.” All right, what happened, how did I get here? It’s like somebody saying, you know, “You got something on your face. ” “No, I don’t.” It’s like America- I feel like America is, like, the world’s worst girlfriend. America is like a terrible girlfriend to the rest of the world, ’cause when somebody hurts America, she remembers it forever, but if she does anything bad, it’s like it- “What?” “It did- I didn’t do anything.” America, why do you keep bombing those people in Yemen and all these- “Well, it’s ’cause 9/11, okay? 9/11, so shut up, assholes.” Okay, but you killed hundreds of thousands of people, so I think you can- “Yeah, no, but 9/11. “Fuck you. You don’t even understand.” Yeah, but you’re torturing people. “I-It wasn’t even torture, oh, my God. “He’s such a baby. I didn’t even do anything to him.” And… And I’m saying this about women ’cause I’m a guy. Women might say this about- that this is what guys are like. That’s just what it’s like, you know, because I think racism and sexism are very different. To me, racism is just a mistake. It’s like, just an error. It doesn’t really make any sense, we can just do away with it, but sexism isn’t going anywhere, ’cause sexism is way deep the fuck down inside, so it’s just the way we feel about each other. It’s, “Ahh, women! “Women! Women! “Women! Women! Women!” And you’re like, “Men! “Men, men! Men! “Men! “Men! Men! Men!” Anyway, so I’m watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters. Is that enough of a palate cleanser? All right. I’m watching The Wizard of Oz, I don’t know if you’ve seen it, it’s about a little girl named Dorothy, a very sweet little girl played by an alcoholic older lady, who, uh… Lives in Kansas, she has a dog, she’s very upset. And she keeps telling- “My dog!” And everybody’s like, This is a farm. We’re working. Leave us alone. And then there’s a tornado and they all run inside and they barely look for her. It’s unbelievable. It was so upsetting to me when I was a kid to see this movie, ’cause Auntie Em is like, “Dorothy! Okay, fuck it.” And she just goes right inside. Bolts the door. Unbelievable. So Dorothy goes up to Oz. So here’s the thing, I was watching it the other night, and there’s this one moment that really stunned me. It’s when Ray Bolger, who played the Scarecrow, he just got ripped apart by flying monkeys and he’s very upset and he has this performance that’s way over the top, even for this movie. Do you remember that moment? The Tin Man comes over. “What happened?” And he’s like, “Well, first they tore my arms off “and they threw them over there! And then they tore my legs off and they threw them over there!” And I’ve seen this movie a thousand times, but for some reason this time, that moment made me go, “Oh, shit!” Ooh! That was a lot. And I started to wonder if Victor Fleming, the guy who directed The Wizard of Oz, if he had a moment during the filming of the movie where he was, like, I think I gotta have a word with Ray, ’cause that’s getting to be a lot. All right, let him- Just let him do another one. Okay, action! “What happened?” “Well, first they tore my arms off “and they threw them over there! “And then they tore my legs off. They threw them over there!” Okay, cut! Comes over. Uh… So listen. Ray… Yes? Eh, you’re fine. You guys have been great, thanks a lot for coming. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much! Thank you!

Go ahead and do the lights. [audience cheering] Go ahead. Ladies and gentlemen, Louis C.K. [audience cheering] Hello. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Um… – So, you know, I think abortion is, um… – [audience laughing] I… Here’s what I think. [audience laughing] Here’s what I… This is what I think. Here’s what I think. I… I think you should not get an abortion unless you need one. [audience laughing] In which case… In which case, you’d better get one. I mean, seriously. If you need an abortion, you’d better get one. Don’t fuck around. And hurry. [audience laughing] Not getting an abortion that you need is like not taking a shit. That’s how bad that is. It’s like not taking a shit. That’s what I think. I think abortion is exactly like taking a shit. I think it is 100% the exact same thing as taking a shit. Or it isn’t. [audience laughing] It is, or it isn’t. It’s either taking a shit, or it’s killing a baby. [audience laughing] It’s only one of those two things. It’s no other things. If you didn’t like hearing it’s like taking a shit, you think it’s killing a baby. That’s the only other one you get to have. Which means you should be holding a sign in front of the place. [audience laughing] People hate abortion protesters. They’re so shrill and awful. They think babies are being murdered. What are they supposed to be like? “Uh, that’s not cool.” I don’t wanna be a dick about it, though. I don’t want to ruin their day as they murder several babies all the time. I don’t think it’s killing a baby. I don’t. I mean, it is, it’s a little bit… It’s a little bit killing a baby. It’s a little bit… It’s 100% killing a baby. It’s totally killing a whole baby. [audience laughing] But I think that women should be allowed to kill babies. That’s what I think. They should be allowed to kill babies. Yeah. [Laughs] [crowd cheering] Whoo! We get to kill babies! Let’s do some shots and kill some babies. [audience laughing] I killed like four babies last night. It was fucking retarded. It has to be one or the other. You know, like, when people say, abortion should be legal, safe and rare. Why rare if it should be legal? If it should be legal, it’s… [blows raspberry] It’s shitting. If it should be rare, it’s murdering babies. But, again, women should be allowed because… Two reasons I think women should be allowed to kill babies. Number one, I don’t think life is that important. It’s just not. It is not. [audience cheering] People get too excited… about life. “Oh, life.” Fuck you. It’s not that… Make a list of every shitty thing ever, that’s in life. [audience laughing] Life is okay. I like life. I like it. I don’t need it. I’d be fine without it. I like life, though. I do. You know how much I like life? I have never killed myself. – That’s how much I like it. – [woman] Whoo! That’s exactly how much I like it, with a razor-thin margin. I like it precisely enough to not kill myself. It’s an option, though. It’s totally an option. I mean, I’m 49. I have two kids. I’ve flipped through the brochure a few times. [audience laughing] I’ve thought of killing myself just to win an argument. [audience laughing] Not supposed to talk about suicide, even to your shrink. You ever go to a shrink and they’re like, “Have you had thoughts… of suicide?” And you’re like, “No, because if I say yes, you’ll press a button”, and folks will run in and hold me… “Hold him down!” You should talk about it. The whole world is just made of people who didn’t kill themselves today. That’s who’s here. It’s all of us that went, “Okay, fuck it, keep doing it.” [audience laughing] [audience applauding] It’s… [audience cheering] It’s an interesting thing about life. Life can get very difficult, very sad, very upsetting. But you don’t have to do it. You don’t have to do it. You don’t have to do anything. You never have to do anything because you can kill yourself. [audience laughing] If they send you a letter from Motor Vehicles, come in and: “No, I don’t. I’ll kill myself.” You can do that. You can do that once. But you can do it. It’s interesting because even when life gets bad, people choose it over nothing. Even the worst versions of life, even a shitty, shitty life, is worth living, apparently. ‘Cause folks are living the fuck out of them. [audience laughing] Have you ever seen somebody, you’re like, “He should kill himself. Why did he not… that dude…” Ever been driving and you look in the next car, you’re like, “Ugh, shit.” I wish I hadn’t looked in that car. That was difficult to glance at… “let alone being it.” Just a guy in a… In a tan car. [audience laughing] Nobody chooses tan. [audience laughing] Nobody picks tan for their car. They give you tan. [audience laughing] “Is that mine?” “Yeah, it’s yours, fucking loser. Made it tan.” They shouldn’t even make tan cars. It’s mean to make them. You look over, you see a guy in a tan car with dents all over it and a garbage bag for a window. [mimicking bag flapping] What is holding up his suicide? – [audience laughing] – What is delaying it? What is keeping him from stopping being that? [audience laughing] And what would it take? What would it take? What would it take? Both windows are garbage bags? Is that…? [audience laughing] Seriously, do you know how much misery is involved in a garbage bag for a window? Do you know how many separate moments of shit misery? “They canceled my insurance. I broke my window. Duct tape.” [ripping noise] Here’s the truth. Running away will not solve your problems. That’s totally true. But killing yourself solves all your problems. It actually does. It even solves world’s problems. For you. “Hey, what about ISIS?” “Kill yourself.” [audience laughing] “Then they’ll never get you.” [audience laughing] Seriously, if everybody who’s afraid of ISIS kills themselves right now, then ISIS loses. [audience laughing] Because they live in a world of people that don’t give a shit. “We’re gonna cut his head off!” “Yeah, okay.” “It’s not fun now.” [audience laughing] I think the worst part of being beheaded… – If… – [audience laughing] The worst thing about being beheaded is that you look really dumb right after. That’s the worst part. They go like that, and you’re like: “Duh.” [shouting] Just that fucking dopey… I don’t think they like beheading bald people ’cause they can’t do this… That’s the best part. They got to go like this. [audience laughing] It’s not as cool. So, just shave the top of your head, and you won’t have to worry about it. So, that’s the first reason. That’s the first reason I think women should be allowed to kill babies. [audience laughing] ‘Cause life is not so important. The second reason is because that’s their job. Women have to decide who lives and dies. That’s because they’re the female of the species. In the reproductive arena, that’s what the female does. They are the selectors. They have to decide this. We give them this responsibility when we fuck them. We go, “Here, you decide what to do with this shit.” [audience laughing] See you later. She has to figure out if you should have kids, if she should have them. That’s her job. Because women have judgment. They have judgment. Men don’t have judgment. Men have intent. Men just want to spray the world with their cum, just mist. “More of me.” [mimicking explosions] “More of me.” [continues mimicking explosion] It’s her job to go, “That’s enough of you, I think. No, that’s really enough.” [audience cheering] I don’t think that face needs to repeat. I’ve seen your father, and it’s not getting better. She doesn’t realize this until after you fuck her. That’s actually when she really knows, is when you’re like, “Yeah!” And she’s like, “I’m not having this piece of shit’s baby.” [audience laughing] And that’s why abortion is the last line of defense against shitty people in the species. So, we need them to abort every shitty baby. [audience cheering] I mean, all animals do this. Animals do it late. They have the baby. Then they’re like, “You know what? It’s cold. I’m gonna eat this one.” [audience laughing] “But when is it okay? When should they be allowed?” When it’s in their pussy. That whole time. It’s in her pussy. If there’s a dude in your pussy, you get to kill him. I think that’s pretty fundamental. You’re allowed to kill people if they’re in your house. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] So… that’s what I think. [audience laughing] I have two kids. [chuckles] I try to be a better person around my kids. I try to change my behavior around them. Like, I have rules in my house, they all apply to me. Like, I have a rule that I don’t curse around my kids. That’s a rule. It does happen. You have a stressful moment, and you’re with your kids, so, you say something by mistake. One time I was making dinner for my kids, and I gave my daughter a bowl of soup. And I said, “Here’s your fucking soup.” [audience laughing] But, uh… You can see how that was a tough… situation. You’re supposed to teach your kids right from wrong. I don’t know, it’s confusing. Some people raise their kids religiously and that covers it. They kind of go, all this. Do that. I’m not raising my kids religiously because I don’t feel like it. Get up on a Sunday? Fuck that. Fuck that. Let your souls rot, kids. I don’t care. I’m not getting… “Daddy, who’s Jesus?” “None of your business. Go back to bed.” [audience laughing] But my kids, they’re living in the world. There’s a lot of religion in the world. You have to teach your kids. If you’re not raising them religiously, you teach them about religion. I tell my kids the same thing. I tell them that there are many religions in the world, and they’re all equal. But the Christians are the main one. That’s what I tell them. The Christians won. They’re the winners. So, act accordingly. Congratulate Christians when you meet them. Because they won the world. And it’s true. It’s true. We love to tell ourselves, like, “Every religion is exactly…” No. No, they’re not. The Christians won everything. A long time ago. If you don’t believe me, let me ask you a question. What year is it? [audience laughing] [audience applauding] I mean, come on. What year is it according to the entire human race? And why? What year is it? Anybody? Sir, just yell out the year. Thank you. 20… 2016? No, it’s 20… That’s right. It’s 2017. What is that? That’s a number. It’s not just any number. It must be a very important number. ‘Cause we’re counting to it in unison as a species. For thousands of years, we’ve been going: “One, two, three… Come on, everybody, four… “. Now, come on, Africa, five, six…” What is this number? We’re counting the days since what? Since there was ever people? Or since the sun did something? Not at all. It’s been 2017 years since what? Anybody, yell it out. [man] Christ! Yes. Christ! [audience laughing] Christ! That’s right. It’s been 2017 years since Christ! Jesus. We are counting the days since Jesus. Together. Which makes sense if you’re Christian. But what the fuck are the rest of us doing? “Jesus was here. Jesus was here. Jesus was here.” Everybody. Scientists, historians. “Jesus. Jesus.” “Jesus plus two, Jesus plus three, Jesus plus four.” Jesus plus 2017 years, four months and three days is when your license expires. [audience laughing] How is that not a win for the Christians? How is that not a complete win? That’s not a Monday off in October. That’s, “There was no time before Jesus.” And the whole world went, “Okay.” Sure.” Then somebody was like, “What about the years before him? There were billions. I mean, infinity.” “Those go backwards.” [audience laughing] “You want us to measure most of history backwards? To accommodate one religion?” Uh-huh. “All right, we’ll do it, it’s fine. We’ll do it.” The whole world. You ever watch New Year’s Eve around the world? They always show you how every country celebrates. It’s kind of cool. The first is one little island. It’s the first place that’s actually the place that it’s the year. It’s a little island in the Pacific. I forget. They do a little ceremony for New Year’s Eve every year. And they just wear grass. ‘Cause they don’t even have sticks yet. They’re in the grass age. [audience laughing] They have no clocks. But they do a dance. [chanting] “2017.” And it goes around the world, [Chinese accent] “Oh, the 2017.” [speaking gibberish] [Middle-Eastern accent] “Death to all Christians in 2017.” [audience applauding] [normal voice] The Jews are quietly keeping track. It’s really 5,766. – But that’s for us. We’re just… – [audience laughing] That’s okay. [audience cheering] We’re keeping track for when you snap out of it. It’s all right. I’ll… I’ll write yours on my check. I don’t want a problem. What about Chinese New Year? Yeah, what about Chinese New Year? All right, next time you’re doing your taxes, just write “monkey” where the year goes. [audience laughing] Just put monkey. See what happens to your funds. No. It’s 2017, year of our Lord… Jesus o’clock on the nose. And they made it up, that’s the weirdest part. They got to rename years that had already taken place. ‘Cause, you know, that’s not what those years were. You know that, right? That the year three… wasn’t the year three… during the year three. Nobody was walking around back then, “Hey, what year is it?” “It’s three.” [audience laughing] “Yeah, but I’m 28.” [audience laughing] How can I be 28… “if there’s only been three?” “Oh, well, see, you were born in BC 24.” And there’s a zero. Remember it went backwards? “Oh, shit. That was stressful. I hated those years.” What was that like? “What year is it?” “Ten.” “What year is it now?” “Nine.” What the fuck is gonna happen?! [audience laughing] So, I don’t know what to tell my kids. My kids, they wanted a dog. So, I got them a dog. I got them a dog, which was a mistake. I shouldn’t have gotten the dog. Because we rescued a dog. – We got a… we adopt… – [woman] Whoo! Yes, you must re… yes, always rescue. If you get a dog, get a rescue dog. Don’t get a puppy… from those horrible people who professionally raise dogs carefully. [audience laughing] No. You need to just get a mystery dog… [audience laughing] That’s been beaten and abused and traumatized on the streets of Puerto Rico. And can’t talk about it to anyone now. They never know. “Do you know anything about the dog?” “Uh, she’s afraid of pennies. [audience laughing] So, we think maybe somebody’s been throwing handfuls of pennies at her face. “But, otherwise, no.” So, you take this random dog and just put it in your house with your family, and watch their personality unfold. [audience laughing] This dog is insane. I’ll walk into the kitchen, and the dog is just standing there alone like this… [audience laughing] I’m like, “You all right?” Are you all right?” My kids are terrified of the dog. My daughter goes to pet the dog, dog goes like… She’s like, “Should I pet her?” “I don’t think you should ever pet our dog, honey.” I took her to the vet. I took the dog to ask her what to do. The vet said, “Listen, I think there’s something you should seriously consider.” I was like, “Please be saying to kill this dog. Please be a doctor that says the dog dies now.” But she didn’t. She said… She said, “I think you should consider Prozac… for the dog.” I was like, “Really?” She said, “Yeah, it works. It calms the dog right down.” But it’s a big decision, and you should think about it.” I said, “Put four in her asshole right now.” [audience laughing] What do I have to think about? I don’t give a shit what she’s experiencing. Fucking fix it. [audience laughing] “Give her heroin. Shoot her up.” [audience laughing] “Come on, puppy.” “Wow, your dog is really chill.” “Yeah. It only costs $400 a day to keep her like that.” [audience laughing] I didn’t always feel this way. I used to love animals. I used to worry about animals. Just animals. When I was like 20, “Are all the doggies okay everywhere? I certainly hope so.” But I’m 49, and I got two kids now. You know what happens? Your circle of concern tightens. I have four nephews. I don’t love any of them. [audience laughing] Fuck a dog. You know those ads, like the PSA on television about abused animals? They show you a dog with, like, an empty socket, and he’s like… [whines] And they’re always wet. I feel like they hose them down before they film them. [whining] And the voice comes on, “Look at these dogs.” These dogs are beaten every day. “Please send us money so that this can stop.” Are you beating up the dogs? [audience laughing] How’s my money fixing that? You see that PSA where they show you a sad man? He’s very upset, a very sad man. He’s holding a little sign, and it says, “Yeah, sure.” And he says, “This is the text that killed my daughter.” ‘Cause somebody texted, “Yeah, sure,” and ran over his kid, which is awful. Although maybe they were responding to a text that said, “Can you please kill that kid?” – [audience laughing] – And so, they just… wrote back and did it. I’m not saying that makes it better. I’m just saying we don’t have all the information. [audience laughing] My kids and I were having breakfast the other day, and we’re listening to NPR. We always listen to NPR, because we’re better than you. And… We’re listening to NPR at breakfast the other morning. There was this story where they kept using this phrase. They kept saying, “9/11 deniers.” They kept saying that. “9/11 deniers.” And my daughter was like, “What is that?” I said, “Well, it’s a group of people that think September 11th was a conspiracy.” And she said, “Oh, I thought they were saying nine 11-deniers.” [audience laughing] Yeah, she thought they meant nine people who just ain’t buying this 11 bullshit. [audience laughing] Just a small fringe group, really. There’s only nine of them. But they still got on NPR. They got on the radio because… they’re dedicated. They protest every day. They’re the nine 11-deniers. They’re outside of the White House, [shouting] “It goes, 10, 12, 13!” [audience laughing] Me and my eight friends know it! We are the nine 11-deniers. We know that 11 is a bullshit number… propagated on the people by the man. Why do we have 11? When we have 13, and 14 and 15… and 16, 17, motherfucking 18, and 19, but we do not have a one-teen. What happened to one-teen? The government took one-teen, and replaced it with some bullshit called 11. We are the nine that deny that shit. “Mr. President, give us back one-teen!” [normal voice] I don’t mean to offend any Chinese people with this stereotype. But…[shouting] “That’s right, I’m Chinese, motherfuckers.” I’m from Beijing. I lived in Shanghai. I’m Chinese-er than a motherfucker. “Chopsticks and whatnot.” Ha! [Normal voice] All right. I’m sorry. Here’s the thing… stereotypes are harmful. That’s the truth. But the voices are funny. [audience laughing] And I don’t know how to reconcile those two facts. I enjoy doing the voices. But they’re offensive. So, I do them at home. I used to do them for my kids. They liked them, didn’t know it was a race thing. They enjoyed it. “Do the friendly man.” [deep voice] “You want me to be the friendly man, little girl?” [daughter] “We love the friendly man.” [deep voice] “He loves little white girls. Let’s have some scrambled eggs.” [audience laughing] [normal voice] They grew up, and I was like, “Don’t talk about the friendly man at school.” [audience laughing] “Maybe don’t talk to your teachers about that.” My kids go to public school in New York City. – Yeah, all right. – [audience cheering] Send your kids there then. [audience laughing] Yeah, it’s good. It’s good. To teach them that that’s what life is like. The teachers amaze me because… I don’t know, the worst… Here’s the worst thing about this country, is that there’s no more noble profession than to be a public school teacher. – Please. Please, don’t. – [audience cheering] You’re not gonna like it. – [audience laughing] – You’re not gonna like where it’s going. I don’t recommend clapping at any things. You’ll regret it at the end of the thing. In a democracy, there’s no more noble contribution you can make than to teach in a public school. In this country, the people that do that, they’re fucking losers. They’re just rock-bottom fucking losers! [audience laughing] And everybody knows it, but they keep doing it. New people are teaching every day, knowing how shitty it is. They show up, tell them ahead of time. “Hi, what is this job?” And they say, “Okay, here’s what we need you to do. We need you to make children know math.” Wow. “Do they wanna know math?” “No, they don’t want to know it. You need to make them know it against their will. “While they’re exploding sexually and beating the shit out of each other.” [audience laughing] “Who are these children?” “Just whatever kids live near the building.” [audience laughing] Heh. “How much do I get paid?” “About $10 every four years.” [audience laughing] “What if I get good at it? What happens?” “Nothing. Nothing happens. Nobody notices, and you get fired, and you die alone.” “Okay, I’ll try it for 25 years.” [audience laughing] My daughter is learning about Greek mythology. And she’s asking me questions about it. She’s like, “Daddy, who’s Achilles’ mother?” I said, “I don’t fucking know. Don’t ask me that shit.” I don’t know who Achilles’ mother.” Don’t yell out if you know. “It’s Campampetes.” Nobody cares what you know. [audience laughing] She had a question about Achilles, it was interesting. I’ll tell it to you. But first, the story of Achilles real quick. Achilles was a baby. He was a Greek baby. And… he didn’t stay that way. But when he was… a Greek baby, his mother, who was a goddess, took him to the River Styx, which is at Hades, the land of the dead. And she dipped him in the water of the River Styx because there was a magical quality to that water that you would make you impervious of any harm. You couldn’t be hurt. It was like a shield, right? So, she dipped him in that water to protect him. But she held him by the heel. That’s the important detail. Held him by the heel, which is an awkward way to hold a baby. By the heel. Try holding a baby by the heel and dipping it in a river. You will never see that baby again. [audience laughing] That’s how to get rid of a baby. [Spanish accent] “I lost the baby in the water.” I was trying to wash him, and he fell in the river. I’m sorry, Miss Achilles, I lost your baby. You told me to hold him by the heel. “He slipped.” [normal voice] Because Achilles’ mother has a Mexican nanny. It’s a lesser-known character in The Iliad. Anyway… his mother, she was able to hold on, of course, because she was a goddess. She was the goddess of grip or whatever, I don’t know. And she held on. And then he was protected, except on his heel. His heel was not protected. And so that’s what we call your Achilles heel, your one vulnerable place. Everybody’s got their Achilles heel. Achilles’ Achilles heel was his heel. [audience laughing] Like, literally. Anyway, so, my daughter, here was her question. She said, “How come his mother didn’t just dip him again?” She could have just dipped him one more time… “with the other leg in there.” What does she just, like, get… You’re right there. Was there, like, a sign that says, “One dip per goddess”? You ever color an Easter egg? It’s not that complicated. You dip it, and then you hold it differently and dip it again. Smart kid. I was proud of her. But at the same time, I thought, “Who the fuck are you to judge this woman?” [audience laughing] It bothered me. ‘Cause here’s what the story of Achilles teaches me, is that, if you’re a parent, it’s never enough what you do for these motherfuckers. It’s just never enough. It’s still gonna be your fault. How much more do you want from a mother? She dipped her kid in magic water and protected % of his body. Is any of it up to him? He could have just wore a big shoe and be careful. But he goes out in sandals, fucking flip flops. [audience laughing] And a sword, and fights the whole planet. “I’m Achilles ’cause my mother dipped me.” [audience laughing] Finally, somebody got him in the heel, and he’s like, “Mom!” [audience laughing] “Thanks a lot, Mom.” “What’s wrong, Achilles?” “My mom didn’t dip my heel. She’s so stupid. She ruined it.” Fuck you, Achilles, you Greek dick. [audience laughing] I hate the way people talk about their mothers. I was watching a football game, and this guy scored a bunch of shit, whatever, and they were excited. So, they asked him about it afterwards. And the football player said, “My mom died last year, but I know she was watching my game from heaven tonight.” And I wanted to be there to say, “Leave your mother alone.” How dare you. “She’s dead.” I mean, when are you done with your fucking kids? When are you finished with your fucking kids? Even after you’re dead, you still have to go to their fucking games and shit? [audience laughing, applauding] Leave your mother alone. She did her job. She raised you, and it killed her. [audience laughing] Let her enjoy heaven. Don’t you want your mother to enjoy heaven? Isn’t that what you want? Your mom to be just in heaven. Whee! This poor woman. Angels were like, “We’re having a party. You want to come with us?” “I can’t. I got to watch my son’s game.” He’ll be very upset. “Okay, go… He can’t fucking hear me. Why am I doing this?” I just think when people die, it means they did their jobs. And you should forget them. That’s what I think. ‘Cause it’s unfair what we put on dead people. “Are you watching over me?” “Yes, I’m watching all of it.” You know like an old… When you see an old couple, they’ve been married for, like, 60 years? You know that story? Everybody loves that. The people that always get applause based on the math of their lives. “How long you been married?” “Sixty years.” Aw. Aw. [Shouts] Isn’t that automatically wonderful? How do you know? You just know how long it’s been. [old lady] For years, every morning, he tells me I’m a piece of shit. [audience laughing] [normal voice] Let’s just say this is a happy couple, okay? They love each other. They’ve been married for 60 years. That’s longer than most people wanna be alive. And they’ve been together that long. And now they’re just an old couple. And they just walk together. You know when you see two people… They don’t need anybody else, just the two of them. This is both of them. They just walk. They always walk somewhere, nobody walks there. There’s trash. [whooshing] There’s trucks. [roars] He’s wearing a suit that is not a color. [audience laughing] She’s wearing a dress that’s like a triangle, like a kid drew it. It’s just, fucking, a dress with fruit on it. Nobody cares. And they just walk every day. [groans] [old lady] It’s cold. [old man] Yeah, it’s cold. [old lady] You want to go to the store and get a cracker? [old man] Yeah, let’s get a cracker at the store. [old lady] Yeah. [muttering] [normal voice] And then one day, usually he dies first. They’re walking, and he goes… [grunts] [grunts] And she says, “Richard!” [grunts] “Richard!” [grunts] And he dies. So, now it’s just her. Just Rose. And she’s alone. And now she just stands in their house. Somebody goes to get Rose ’cause there’s a wedding. “Come on, Rose. Nadine’s getting married.” Nadine… It doesn’t matter, just fucking come on. [audience laughing] Come on. Fucking come on. “Fuck!” Just want to push her from beh… She lives ten more years. Ten years after Richard dies. And then ten years later, now she’s laying in a bed. She’s dying. Somebody’s there with her, on their phone. [audience laughing] [grunts] So, Rose is dying, and she says: [Old lady] “Well, at least now I get to be with my Richard… forever.” [normal voice] Where did she get that idea? Where did that come from? I’ve looked it up. No religion teaches that when you die, you get to ruin heaven for your dead spouse. [audience laughing] Why is that fair? Who gets… Richard’s been dead for ten years. He’s been in heaven for ten years. And somebody comes up to him, “Hey, your wife is coming.” [audience laughing] “What?” “Excuse me. What did you just walk up and say to me just now?” [audience laughing] “Yeah, Rose just died. She’ll be here in about 20 minutes.” They’ve just got to hose her down and tape the wings on. “And then you’re gonna be together forever.” [sighs] “Wait a minute. Fuck.” You said this was heaven. Why is this… I have a girlfriend here now. I don’t wanna fucking… “She’s the love of your life.” “She’s not the love of my death, motherfucker.” [audience laughing] That’s marriage. Marriage is a big deal. Marriage is a big deal. I went to a wedding the other day. I went to a gay wedding. I’ve been to a lot of gay weddings, which is not true. [audience laughing] It’s not true at all. But… I did go to one. But I don’t go to weddings, generally, because I don’t like them. I hate it. Don’t invite me. Really. I think it’s rude to invite people to your wedding. I do. Nobody’s happy to get that shit. You make it all pretty. And they’re like, “Aw, fuck! This is gonna suck!” “Here’s a helpful list of places to stay…” “Oh, great. I get to live in a La Quinta…” [audience laughing] In Reading, Pennsylvania for three days… “because you want to get married for a couple of years.” [audience laughing] Nobody wants to watch you start your shitty thing. Nobody wants to see it. Everybody’s in a shitty thing. That’s what it is to be with somebody. You’re either alone, or you’re in a shitty thing. That covers 100% of human beings. I can see there’s young couples here. You’re like, “No, we’re in a good one…” It’s really good.” “Yeah, fuck you. Who do you think you are?” It just didn’t get shitty yet. So arrogant.” “Yeah, I think we figured it out.” “No… Yeah, you’re the first ones.” [audience laughing] Of course it’s going to get shitty. That’s part of it. It’s like going to a horror movie, and in the first minute, you’re like, “I think they’re all gonna be fine.” [audience laughing] No, they’re all gonna die. And you’re gonna hate the person you love right now. That’s the way it works. Love plus time minus distance equals hate. That’s just the way it goes. I’m not saying don’t do it. You should do it. It’s the best thing. It’s the best part of life, love is. But don’t be greedy and expect it to last. Don’t be amazed that a butterfly died ’cause you shot it in the face. [audience laughing] Just fall in love, make a fucking mess. It goes shitty, you don’t realize it until too late. And then you cry a lot and move on. It’s the best part of life. It is. I’ve always loved love. It’s always been my favorite part of life is meeting somebody and going, “Oh, shit!” “That person!” That’s the best feeling. Now, why the fuck would that just, “Oh, yeah! For years, for our whole lives, just, aw, yeah!” That’s insane to expect that. It’s a little thing you get to catch. And then it rots and dies. That’s just the way it goes. It’s like if you see a person in the park making bubbles with a big wand with soap. And sometimes they make a really big one, and everybody goes, “Oh, yeah!” Shit. Okay, that’s all.” [audience laughing] You don’t stand over it, “Liar!” You don’t get mad at the soap stain. It gets so shitty, man. It does. [groaning] Whoo! All the little intricate parts. Like, I was in an e-mail fight recently. You ever been in an e-mail fight? Some of you are in an e-mail fight right now. You know, an e-mail fight. Not a text fight. A text fight is like, “Fuck you.” Boop! “Yeah, fuck you.” Byew. “Dick.” Boop! “Asshole.” Byew. That’s a text fight. An e-mail fight is like, “In June when I told you that I had this issue”, I was very disappointed in the way you didn’t listen.” [audience laughing] You know, those e-mails, you just work on it all night. Like it’s the closing argument to a murder case. It’s so important, your fucking e-mail. You’re pounding it out like Beethoven, and you’re pouring water on your head, and going deaf and still working on it. And then you send it somebody. “Can you read this and tell me if it’s fair what I wrote? Start at the bottom.” And they write back, “I made a few changes.” “Oh, thank you. That really captures my voice. And yet…” You send it to somebody else, they’re like: “I would take out ‘Eat shit, fuck face, ‘ because it clouds your better points.” And you’re like, “Fuck you, I’m going to keep it.” And then finally, you send it. [mimics rocket] And you’re like, “Hmm.” And then you feel really good. “I finally said it. Finally.” And you have this fantasy that they’re at home reading it right now going… [gasping] I’m wrong about all of the things. [audience laughing] During the day, they haven’t written back yet, and you know it’s ’cause you just bewitched them. And you decide, “I’m going to read my e-mail.” “I’m going to read the e-mail that I wrote.” Is there any more disgusting modern human behavior than reading your own already sent e-mails? Is there any more scratching your asshole and smelling your finger than that? [audience applauding] I do it all the time. [audience laughing] So, that’s what I did. I was in an e-mail fight. And… And I looked in the sent folder, where it’s all… That’s it. It’s in stone. You can’t change that anymore. I realized I left something there by mistake. I left something at the top of the e-mail by mistake. And it said, “This is my latest draft. What do you think?” [audience laughing] So, now the rest of it is just shit. It’s shit now! ‘Cause she knows I have a writing staff and a focus group. There should be credits at the end of this fucking e-mail. Approved by mother and sister. I don’t know. Love is worth it, though. It really is. It’s worth it. It is. I mean, I’ve always been… I’ve always pursued love my whole life. Even when I was a kid, I loved girls. I loved them. And there was all… When I was 12, I discovered that girls are the greatest thing. I would ask them out. That’s what I did. I walked up and asked them out. I had no fear. I’d go up to any girl I liked, “You want to go out with me?” And she was like, “No!” You weren’t supposed to do that. You weren’t supposed to ask her out. There was a system. My daughters told me it still works this way in school. There’s a thing where the boy asks his friend to ask her friend to ask her what she would say… if he asked her out. How do children just know this… Elizabethan parlor thing? [audience laughing] Twelve-year-old boy. [British accent] “Please inquire after her maiden friend.” [audience laughing] Were I to request her presence… “what might be her answer?” [woman] “Indeed, my lady would enjoy… your company, sir”, were you to make your desires known.” [man] “That is well.” “May I finger her?” [audience laughing] [woman] “You are bold, sir.” [audience laughing] “And finger her, you may.” [audience laughing] [man] “And finger her, I shall.” [audience laughing] [crowd cheering] [normal voice] Anyway, I didn’t do any of that myself. I just would just ask them out. They always said no. Girls said no to me. Until Rachel. Rachel was the first girl who said yes. I asked her to the dance in eighth grade, and she said yes. Happiest moment of my life, even to now. I never beat it. Anyway, Rachel said, “Yes, I’ll go to the dance with you.” So, we went to the dance. I was 13. It was my first time with a girl. About five minutes into the dance, she comes to me and she says, “Do you mind if I dance with Jeff?” I was like, “Okay.” ‘Cause what other moves did I have… at 13? What else are you gonna say? “Do you mind if I dance with Jeff?” “Yeah, I do. I mind very much.” What the fuck do you think this is, Rachel? [audience laughing] You know what? Get your shit. We’re leaving right now. “Shut the fuck up, Rachel. I swear to God.” I didn’t have any of those tools. [audience laughing] So, I said, “Okay,” and she danced with Jeff. And made out with Jeff and left with Jeff. That was it. And I learned… That guy Jeff… this is a true story. That guy Jeff, he’s a woman now. That’s what happened. It’s true. I was looking up on Facebook people from my past, and he’s a woman. And she has a whole blog on Facebook about becoming a woman. I was up all night reading it. I was crying. It was amazing. I was like, “This is incredible.” And then at the end, there’s a picture of her with hair. And she says, “I didn’t change. I knew what I was all along.” I knew I was a girl since I was 6 years old.” And I read that, and I thought, “Why did you take my fucking date then?” [audience laughing] You knew? You piece of shit! Fuck you, Jeff! [audience laughing] Fuck you and your journey. I don’t give a shit now. Hooray for transgender, but fuck you, because you’re just an asshole. “Who became a cunt. That’s what happened.” [audience laughing and cheering] I envy transgender people, though. I do. It’s a tough road, but I envy them on this level that they figured out what’s going on with them, and they fixed it. What an amazing gift, to know what the fuck is wrong with you. Who else gets to have that? It’s just a mushy, I don’t fucking have any idea! I would give a million dollars to just wake up, “Oh, I’m an owl. That’s what the thing is.” [audience laughing] “I’ve just got to blink slow and eat a mouse.” [chuckles] ‘Cause life is very confusing. Even I’m 49 years old, and I haven’t found a cruising altitude to my identity. I’m still fucking confused. I get new feelings, and they upset me. I don’t like new feelings. I want to know what I like and get it and just die. That’s what I want to do at this point. Like I have a weird relationship with this movie that’s on cable sometimes. It’s called Magic Mike. You ever seen this movie? Magic Mike. [women cheer] For those of you who are watching this on video many years from now, Magic Mike was a movie about male strippers starring Matthew McConaughey and Channing Tatum. [women] Whoo! [laughs] It was a very different country when it was made from whenever you’re watching. But anyway… [audience laughing] We had a whole other thing going on. This building’s not here anymore. [audience laughing] But… You’re watching it on a dusty thing, and it’s all rubble. And you’re watching this. I don’t know why you’re watching this out of everything. But when things were real easy, we made movies like Magic Mike. It’s just a nice movie about men who strip. And every time I’m flipping around and it comes on, I always stop. And then I play a little game of chicken with this movie. [audience laughing] I stop because it’s a good movie. It’s well made, directed by Steven Soderbergh, good director. And so I get into it, I get into the story, and then they start stripping. And then I start having all these feelings. My face gets a little hot. At first, I just get hostile for no reason. I just… fucking… fucking… [scoffs] But then there’s one part of the movie that I like. I have a favorite part… of Magic Mike, so, I always stick around for that part. It’s the part where Matthew McConaughey, he’s wearing leather pants, no shirt. And he goes, [McConaughey] “The law says you cannot touch. But I think I see a lot of lawbreakers out there.” [audience laughing] [normal voice] Like, just that… It’s, like, perfect. Just the way it rolls out of him. [McConaughey] “I think I see a lot of lawbreakers out there.” [normal voice] I just really like that. I like it. When the movie comes on, I’m always like, “Let’s get to where he says that.” And then he says it, and I’m like, “Fucking good, that’s really good.” [audience laughing] I like it a lot. Here’s how much I like it. I don’t do impressions, and I kind of nail that one because I think about it all the time. [audience laughing] I’m walking around my house, like, [McConaughey] “The law says you can’t touch.” [crowd laughing] “The law says you can’t touch.” [normal voice] Then I go up to my dog, [McConaughey] “But I think I see a lot of lawbreakers right here.” [normal voice] I like that part. After he says it, all these strippers come in. Matthew McConaughey and all these strippers. Channing Tatum comes out, fucking… [audience laughing] And then I go, like, “Fuck!” And then I have to stop. I’m starting to get a feeling. [audience laughing] I’m starting to get, like, a feeling. It’s not a boner. It’s not a boner. But I can feel my dick starting to turn over a little bit. Just starting to… You know when you can feel your dick kind of unfold? [audience laughing] It’s like a pool toy that’s been blowing up for a while. The wrinkles are starting to come out. It’s taking shape. [audience laughing] Just that early… My dick’s just waking up. [Yawns] What are you guys doing here? [audience laughing] I’ve never watched the whole movie. I’ve never seen Magic Mike in its entirety. Because I don’t wanna see it. I don’t wanna see the end of Magic Mike. I know what the end of Magic Mike is. I’m pretty sure that the end of Magic Mike is that I’m gay. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] I’m pretty sure that’s how it ends. I don’t want to see the ending. I want to stay like this. You know why? ‘Cause I’m 49 years old. I don’t want to enter the gay community now. This is not the version of me that’s gonna have an awesome time as the new gay guy. So, fuck that. And that’s my right, by the way. Because that’s about me. That is my life. I’d never discriminate against another person for being gay. I wouldn’t dream of it. But I have every right to oppress and discriminate against my own possible budding homosexuality. That’s mine to just violently push down. Like it’s a dude I’m trying to make blow me right now. [audience laughing] And you know, I haven’t become, like, generally attracted to men. I’m not sexually attracted to men. Just Matthew McConaughey and Channing Tatum. Those two guys? Fuck. Fuck, seriously. Matthew, with his, like, leathery skin. He’s like, “Hey…” Just… [groans] Fucking sexy. And Channing, kind of dumb face, like… Like, oh, shit! [groans] Fuck. I like it. But men, in general, I’m not into it. You know what I think it is? I’m only gay for the best. [audience laughing] I’m top-shelf gay. I’m not retail gay, you know what I mean? I’m not off-the-rack gay. I’m not gonna go to JC Penney’s and suck a bunch of dicks. [audience laughing] I’m going to go to Neiman Marcus and get the signature collection. Platinum dick. The best. The best dick. ‘Cause I’ll try the best anything. If it’s the best one, I’ll try it. Like, I don’t like cognac. I would never buy a bottle of Hennessy and keep it in my house. But I’ve never tried the best cognac. If somebody was like, “Would you like to try this cognac? It’s… This cognac was 500 years old 300 years ago.” [audience laughing] Like, “Yeah. Fucking give me that.” If somebody asked me to go to a Kenyan restaurant, I don’t want to go to a Kenyan restaurant. I know all the foods that I like. If somebody was like, “This is the best Kenyan restaurant.” It takes six months to get a reservation. I can get you in. They fly live turtles in. And you eat it, you bite off its screaming face while it’s alive. “And every turtle you eat is the last of his species.” [audience laughing] I can’t wait to eat that fucking turtle. I’m going to end his people with my mouth. The best, I’ll try it. If somebody was like, “We have a guy here, he has the best dick.” The best dick ever. His dick has been soaking in olive oil since he was five years old. [audience laughing] We’ve been feeding him nothing but butter and penises his whole life. “He has the best dick, and you can suck it right now.” “Well, let me see it.” [audience laughing] Can I see it? Can you take it out? Oh, shit. That’s beautiful. Oh, my God. That’s my favorite thing now. Fuck, I shouldn’t have looked at it. “Bring it closer. I don’t know what I’m gonna do, but bring it closer, please.” [sniffs] [audience laughing] [grunting] [kisses] I think, at that point, you put it in your mouth, right? If you’re looking at the best dick ever, and you’re not sure… you wanna suck it, just put it in your mouth. And then decide. Just for like 20 seconds. [woman] Whoo! That’s a long time. That’s 20 seconds. That’s a long time to have a dick in your mouth… that you’re ambivalent about. [audience laughing] It’s 20 sec… If you have a dick in your mouth for 20 seconds, you are not deciding. Twenty seconds. This is… I’ll show you. This is 20 seconds with a dick in your mouth. [audience laughing] [audience applauding and cheering] No. [audience laughing] No. Yeah, I decided not to suck that dick… that’s been in my mouth all day. [audience laughing] I don’t like dicks. That’s why I’m not gay. That really is the reason. I hate dicks. Penises are very disgusting to me. To me. I don’t want to yuck your yum. I just think they’re gross. I always hated penises. I hated my father’s penis. I did. I did. I hated my father’s penis. When you’re a little boy, you’re gonna see your dad’s dick. If you go to a restaurant, you’re probably gonna see your dad’s dick. I should explain that, right? That sounds like I have a weird father. “All right, we’re going out to eat. Everybody take a look.” [audience laughing] No, sometimes if you go to a restaurant with your family, when it’s time to pee, you go pee with your dad if you’re a little boy. If you go to a ballgame with your dad, there was… There were never urinals. It was just a trough. And the little boys and the men stand there together. And the men are just standing there… [whooshing] And we’re down here, the little boys. And the dicks are eye-level. Just horrible, pissing dicks. In both directions, like a chorus line, just… [crying] [audience laughing] And my dad had the worst dick. He had the worst. ‘Cause my dad… First of all, my father’s Mexican. It’s true. My father is Mexican. I’m not. I’m not Mexican. My father is. Just ’cause some Mexican fucked my mom for years… doesn’t make me a Mexican. It just makes her a whore. [audience laughing] But, anyway… my dad… My father had a Mexican, Catholic, uncut, raw, organic… local, fucking free-range Mexican dick. It was just so basic. It was like a farmer’s market yam, just sticking out like a tamarindo pod. And the pee would spray out of it. I’m like, “Dad, open your dick before you pee out of it.” It’s like you’re pissing out of the corner of a pillowcase. [audience laughing] And my dad’s life is… My dad’s had a weird life. Too. When I was ten years old, my parents got divorced, and my dad turned into a Jew. I mean, he converted… to Judaism. He didn’t turn into a Jew. It’s not like my dad was like… [grumbling] [groans] He… converted… to Judaism. And I had friends who were Jewish. And I knew that they had little clipped dicks, little… little neat… And then I remembered my father’s alligator claw of a penis. [audience laughing] I really hate penises. That’s really my problem with being gay. That’s why I’m not gay. Men are fine. I’d like to have a boyfriend, that would be nice. I would. Every time I hear somebody say “my boyfriend,” I’m always like, “I want a boyfriend.” Why can’t I have a boyfriend? I’d like to have a big, tall boyfriend. That’s my boyfriend. I’m mad at my boyfriend. [audience laughing] I get to wear his jacket. It’s all big on me. I’m like, “This is my boyfriend’s jacket.” “I feel safe.” I know I would like it. I would like to have a big dude in my life. Comes up behind me like this. I’m like, “Hi.” [audience laughing] Like, I know that would be nice. But in order to get all those parts, you have to have a fucking cock shoved up your asshole. Like a hard dick ramming in your… Ow! “Oh, fuck.” Oh. “I just wanted to wear your jacket.” [audience laughing] Thanks a lot, you guys. You were great. Thank you very, very much.
